he was as _ as the other , and as resolute .	he	ambitious	resolute
He 's as _ as Grant .	He	silent	Grant
It was as light as day and Tim set the heavy ship down as _ as a feather .	It	light	feather
Fothergill had been as _ as her word .	Fothergill	good	word
and at that Quentin , smiling a little fiercely , remarked that she was as _ as a cowslip and as impassive as a young Madonna .	she	pale	Madonna
He is kind , but he is as _ as steel , .	he	hard	steel
May your Highness raise the glory of Castile as _ as my desire , and you will win the world .	Highness	high	desire
In my hands you are as _ as in the palace of Narbonne .	you	safe	palace
Had it been Don Pedro , he would have broken the sanctuary as _ as fate .	he	sure	fate
it will satisfy me better than the choicest meal ever served to mortal , though I confess I am as _ as a wolf .	I	hungry	wolf
I care not for the petty plots of traitors whom I will soon hang up as _ as Haman .	I	high	Haman
It is not as _ as measles .	It	contagious	measles
It must always be kept in mind that mild cases are just as _ as severe cases , and that a mild case may cause in another person a very severe attack .	cases	contagious	cases
and that his acknowledgments might be as _ as the obligation , no method of conveyance seemed more proper , than to prefix them to this new Edition of .	acknowledgments	public	obligation
The judge in that case was even as _ as his word , for while his brother .	judge	good	word
He proved it as _ as the sun in the sky , That their maxims of law could not here apply .	He	clear	sun
Oh , Pettigrew , that skull of yours is as _ as hell .	Pettigrew	deep	hell
Although the name is at least as _ as the middle of the seventeenth century , none of the buildings appear older than the middle of the eighteenth .	name	old	middle
No more from box to box the basket , piled With oranges as _ as the spheres , Shall with their luscious virtues charm the sense Of taste or smell .	more	radiant	spheres
westerly part of it , which I visited , and here the water was as _ as the sea .	water	salt	sea
The weather , however , was as _ as the country , for such researches , at this season of the year , and the horses I had taken out with me suffered a good deal , even in the short space of two days , during which I was engaged in this attempt .	weather	unfavourable	country
This seemed to be a favourite dish with him , and he was now as _ as a king , sleeping and eating alternately the whole night long .	he	happy	king
He believed that their affections were as _ as the Europeans .	affections	warm	Europeans
of these things the press was as _ as the grave .	press	silent	grave
The Aborigines are particularly fond of the bunya nuts , which are as _ as a full sized almond , including the shell , and , in good seasons , come from a distance of .	nuts	large	almond
They are as _ as European children so far as they have been tried , but they have not been put to abstract reasoning .	They	apt	children
re Gavrault , who smelt of dew and smoke and who was as _ as a stone or an apple .	who	clean	stone
Her hair was as _ as primroses and was ruffled up a little above the black ribbon that bound it .	hair	fair	primroses
She had been as _ as a spectre on that spectral day when he had first seen her .	She	silent	spectre
The long iron staircase down the face of the cliff was almost as _ as a fire .	staircase	steep	fire
It was the time when our great cathedrals rose and miracles were as _ as turtle .	miracles	plentiful	turtle
And her blow had been so sudden and unlooked for that the only answer that came was as _ as his blush , .	came	helpless	blush
Hamble was as _ as a lady on a unicorn .	Hamble	remote	lady
de Valenbois was as _ as Jerry himself .	Valenbois	decent	Jerry
If it was as _ as that , Andr .	it	bad	that
Would Aunt Madge be as _ as Chris , she wondered .	Madge	blind	Chris
I 'm as _ as blazes .	I	cold	blazes
Are you always as _ as this to everyone , Mr.	you	candid	this
Marie Celeste 's heart felt as _ as a stone as she sat there with Chris ' scrappy letter in her hand .	heart	cold	stone
Her heart felt as _ as a stone .	heart	hard	stone
Marie 's lip curled contemptuously , though her heart was racing and she was as _ as a ghost .	she	white	ghost
Chris was as _ as death .	Chris	white	death
Perhaps if I can make that as _ as new by six o'clock to .	I	good	new
rate workman was almost as _ as that of his former master .	workman	great	that
that its influence in improving and extending the use of machinery has been as _ as that produced by the improvement of the steam .	use	great	that
Sandy did take a peek out , and sprang back with a face which looked as _ as a sheet of paper under the rays of Tommy 's electric searchlight .	which	white	sheet
The stones were not as _ as mountains , sire , .	stones	big	mountains
the gnat was much like your stones that seemed as _ as mountains .	that	big	mountains
You are as _ as a pincushion , as you must yourself admit , and whenever I needed a pin I could call you to me .	You	fat	pincushion
Both our islands are as _ as conquered , this very minute .	islands	good	conquered
The royal armies , of which this is only a part , are as _ as the sands of the ocean , and live in many thousands of my underground caverns .	armies	numerous	sands
and in an instant they were as _ as bears and had pounced upon the deer .	they	big	bears
Vincent , had by this time fallen as _ as obsolete to his own mind .	Vincent	good	obsolete
Of the true sovereign souls of that Literature , the Goethes , Richters , Schillers , Lessings , he had as _ as no knowledge .	he	good	knowledge
many of the figures , which are nearly as _ as life , representing soldiers clad and armed much as I should suppose those of Cortez were .	many	large	life
As I have not said that Falmouth is as _ as Athens or Florence , perhaps the Committee will not adopt my statement .	Falmouth	eminent	Athens
His claim is quite as _ as thousands of similar claims .	claim	reasonable	thousands
It was not as _ as a sleigh with reindeer , but she had often longed to ride in it .	It	attractive	sleigh
s Common upon a dark night , and , lying among the bracken , I have seen as _ as seventy mules and a man at the head of each go flitting past me as silently as trout in a stream .	I	many	trout
I know that you are as _ as Lucifer , .	you	proud	Lucifer
But he is as _ as a May .	he	healthy	May
that you have lost some dear messmate , in battle or wreck , and that you have put him out of your mind in the routine of your daily life , until suddenly some word or some scene brings him back to your memory , and you find your sorrow as _ as upon the first day of your loss .	you	raw	day
My uncle held out his hands towards the blaze , and I noticed that they were as _ as the ruffles which fringed them .	they	white	ruffles
s been with me here since he was as _ as that hammer .	he	high	hammer
His vices were as _ as his virtues .	vices	open	virtues
Had he stopped there , with his unbeaten career behind him , then indeed the evening of his life might have been as _ as its dawn .	evening	glorious	dawn
alf an eye that he vas as _ as a cheesecake .	he	puffy	cheesecake
s , and that again for Whitehall with a swiftness which showed that the gallant mares were as _ as their master .	mares	impatient	master
t know that he was as _ as a line , I.	he	straight	line
He was as _ as a judge when he drove in here this morning , .	He	sober	judge
And so also , when the ring has become as _ as the lists , we may understand that a broader philosophy would show that all things , which spring up so naturally and spontaneously , have a function to fulfil , and that it is a less evil that two men should , of their own free will , fight until they can fight no more than that the standard of hardihood and endurance should run the slightest risk of being lowered in a nation which depends so largely upon the individual qualities of her citizens for her defence .	ring	extinct	lists
Sir Lothian Hume was smiling and nodding his head , whilst my uncle was coldly impassive , though I was sure that his heart was as _ as mine .	heart	heavy	mine
The next morning Hermia was as _ as usual , but she developed , soon after , a habit of dreaming over her books which much perplexed her sister .	Hermia	calm	usual
Her skin was as _ as of yore , and her eyes were dull .	skin	sallow	yore
She was as _ as a polar night , and as impassive as an Anglo .	She	cold	Anglo
The water was as _ as melting ice , and when she had dried her hair she no longer felt as if her brain were trying to force its way through the top of her skull .	water	cold	ice
it was as _ as Bessie .	it	familiar	Bessie
All this sentiment and romance and imagination of yours are very charming , and when I recall the occasions wherein you have kept me awake until two in the morning , I forgive you , because I found you quite as _ as a novel .	you	entertaining	novel
There were a great many photographs in that gallery , and their shapes and dimensions were as _ as their subjects .	shapes	diverse	subjects
Her eyes were as _ as the limpid floor of ocean .	eyes	green	floor
for your beauty , which appeals to the senses of men , yet which at the same time frightens them , because of the tragic element which is as _ as the passionate .	element	apparent	passionate
Her hair was as _ as a mole .	hair	sleek	mole
her skin was like ivory against which pomegranate pulp had been crushed , and her mouth was as _ as a cactus .	mouth	red	cactus
She talked in a low , full voice as _ as her beauty .	She	individual	beauty
Quintard looked as _ as a boy .	Quintard	pleased	boy
Cryder , in truth , was quite as _ as herself .	Cryder	tired	herself
The act was as _ as any minor act in life which is the direct result of the act which preceded it .	act	inevitable	act
I was just as _ as a bird .	I	happy	bird
She had only one resolve to sustain her , but that was at least as _ as her love , or as death .	that	strong	death
The family were as _ as ever , except Lucy , who looked pale and troubled , and at whom her father looked once or twice keenly , but without making any remark .	family	pleasant	ever
Barnaba 's hair was as _ as ever , and his white collar grew crumpled sooner than it ought , and he looked as if he belonged somewhere else .	hair	straight	ever
Infanticide is at present as _ as in Europe .	Infanticide	rare	Europe
Of striking public buildings Santiago is almost as _ as Valparaiso , the Mint , .	Santiago	destitute	Valparaiso
This remark , which made a deep impression on all present , nevertheless gave much offence to the President , who rose and replied , in a tone of considerable asperity , that the Rector 's view was erroneous , and that a proper military force was as _ as a good system of education .	force	indispensable	system
fox is a Snake Pawnee , his nation is as _ as the grains of sand on the borders of the great lake .	nation	numerous	grains
he is as _ as a floripondio , and was never better in his life .	he	fresh	floripondio
I am as _ as the whole of you put together , .	I	rich	whole
I know a pulqueria where we shall be as _ as on the top of the Coffre de Perote .	pulqueria	safe	top
Another cry answered his , but it was so ironical and mocking that the old pirate , whose nerves were as _ as cords , and who had never trembled in his life , felt a shudder of terror run over all his limbs .	pirate	hard	cords
it is as _ as in your domains , and I am frightfully afraid of breaking my neck in going down to the plain .	it	black	domains
This song , which was as _ as a sailor 's yarn , would , in all probability , have lasted much longer , if the Captain had not suddenly ordered silence by an imperious gesture .	song	interminable	yarn
Besides , Avrillia held her at that minute tight to her breast , which was as _ as her own perfect , contrary mother 's , and had , besides a most entrancing , faint perfume of isthagaria .	breast	soft	mother
Did n't you blow as _ as any of 'em .	you	hard	any
they were as _ as bones .	they	dry	bones
the whole glittering Garden was as _ as the Snoodle .	Garden	white	Snoodle
but the largest one was a head taller than Sara herself , and the very smallest was at least as _ as her youngest cousin .	smallest	large	cousin
And these rocks certainly looked as _ as any pavement .	rocks	hard	pavement
Babies are as _ as dolls .	Babies	universal	dolls
it was as _ as a moon .	it	wild	moon
and since the grasshoppers were as _ as hobby .	grasshoppers	large	hobby
In a country where the butterflies were as _ as peacocks , the caterpillars were as big as boa .	country	big	boa
And if you have ever seen a monarch butterfly as _ as a peacock , sitting on a throne , you know what it tasted like .	you	big	peacock
bred air , their long necks and waists and slender wrists and ankles , their high heels and gorgeous clothes , they were as _ as cooks .	they	angry	cooks
They were as _ as her head , as she sat among them .	They	tall	head
she felt as _ as ever , and quite confident that there would be some delightful surprise about it .	she	happy	ever
Still I do n't think you are as _ as this brute here .	you	bad	brute
One was as _ as the day , the other was cunning , selfish , and foxy .	One	open	day
He was always as _ as the tea .	He	mild	tea
Now , we have it on good authority , that the intellect of a giant is generally as _ as his knees .	intellect	weak	knees
destined some day to become as _ as the famous drives about Redlands and Riverside .	day	glorious	drives
a downward glance gave some of our passengers a squeamish feeling , which , after all , was purely a psychological phenomenon , for with ordinary care the ascent is as _ as a drive on a boulevard .	phenomenon	safe	drive
The pretty lawn on which the village stands , as _ as sun and rain could make it .	village	green	sun
and the rainfall , averaging about thirty inches , is twice as _ as in the southern part of the state .	rainfall	great	part
This road is as _ as a floor .	road	level	floor
deep sand and rough , broken trails alternating with occasional stretches of easy going over smooth sand packed as _ as cement .	sand	hard	cement
If only the Squeakers were as _ as these fellows , .	Squeakers	friendly	fellows
I promised with all my heart to be as _ as the grave .	heart	silent	grave
reason resumed her sway , and the raging lion became as _ as a lamb .	lion	mild	lamb
The count grew as _ as death .	count	pale	death
and Tiretta , who was sitting near her , took it up with his lips as _ as lightning .	Tiretta	quick	lightning
Again , in a musical air , we may hear a false note , though it is as _ as the others , since it has been played .	it	real	others
Therefore illusions of thought are quite as _ as illusions of the senses , though rarer for the reasons above stated .	illusions	possible	illusions
They are as _ as motion and the object that moves .	They	inseparable	motion
This is as _ as the preceding affirmation , and for the same reasons .	This	disputable	affirmation
that is to say , things which , strictly speaking , are as _ as our own brains .	things	material	brains
These two ways are as _ as the right and wrong side of a stuff .	ways	opposite	side
It was all as _ as an upper berth .	It	handy	berth
He was as _ as nails all over and as quick .	He	hard	nails
But for me and Sherlock that 's as _ as a two .	that	good	two
Robert , he 's just as _ as anybody , only he lets on how he was dead sure all along that I 'd put it over .	he	pleased	anybody
Old Hickory indulges in one of them grins that are just as _ as a crack in the pavement .	grins	humorous	crack
that in the olden times when the genera , the families , and the orders , diverged from their parent stocks , gradations existed as _ as those which now connect closely related species with varieties .	gradations	fine	those
It is now as _ as any other origination .	It	inexplicable	origination
Or have they originated under causes as _ as reproduction and birth , and no more so , by the variation and change of preceding into succeeding species .	they	natural	reproduction
How , then , can we suppose Chance to be the author of a system in which everything is as _ as clockwork .	system	regular	clockwork
The Darwinian theory implies that the birth and development of a species are as _ as those of an individual , are facts of the same kind in a higher order .	birth	natural	those
It was barred by a glassy , transparent pane that seemed as _ as steel .	that	hard	steel
but because I think it as _ as mine .	I	good	mine
and indeed the composition is as _ as the subject .	composition	puerile	subject
several marble seats are set in different places , which are as _ as the summer .	places	pleasant	summer
TRAJAN TO PLINY I SHOULD have rejoiced to have heard that you arrived at Bithynia without the smallest inconvenience to yourself or any of your retinue , and that your journey from Ephesus had been as _ as your voyage to that place was favourable .	journey	easy	voyage
rayed , the moonlight , shining along the shore , Bathes the brow of the headlands in radiance as _ as milk .	moonlight	soft	milk
Of course , the dissimilarities are quite as _ as the likenesses .	dissimilarities	striking	likenesses
my mouth was as _ as a Japanese toy and I felt shattered with fatigue .	mouth	dry	toy
A miss is as _ as a mile , so after thanking him for his protection I chatted cheerfully to the Prince of Wales .	miss	good	mile
Poe explained that poetry and music are alike in that both obey absolute laws of time , and that the laws of time or rhythm in poetry are just as _ as the laws of time in music .	laws	exact	laws
I am as _ as a bee .	I	busy	bee
But those two in the kitchen are as _ as figures of wax .	two	motionless	figures
It 's as _ as fate .	It	inevitable	fate
every man will now be as _ as his neighbour , and the children of men will hurry about like ants whose heap has been disturbed .	man	poor	neighbour
You 're as _ as stone .	You	hard	stone
You must forgive someone who 's as _ as your wife .	someone	ill	wife
That 's as _ as the world .	That	old	world
In each room there was a tapestry of yellow , blue , white and red feather mosaic that was as _ as a painting and in some cases perfectly represented men and animals .	tapestry	fine	painting
For whole days the Golden Hearted marched in the shadow of ferns as _ as trees and the ground was covered with briers and nettles .	Hearted	big	trees
The hickory arrows were as _ as glass with very sharp saw .	arrows	smooth	glass
In four days a messenger came from Stephen bearing a cross as _ as a man .	messenger	high	man
where there is a very wide river that has fish in it as _ as a horse .	that	big	horse
I 'm telling you something that 's as _ as God .	something	true	God
Jonas ' eyes grew as _ as saucers .	eyes	big	saucers
He ai n't been as _ as this in years , .	He	bad	this
He was as _ as Mackey but much heavier .	He	tall	Mackey
I 'm as _ as the next fellow , but I do n't believe in giving everybody a slap on the back or a kick in the pants to prove it .	I	good	fellow
Now all three of 'em were as _ as this desert .	three	poor	desert
Enoch shook hands with the Indian woman , whose face was as _ as Jonas ' in the moonlight .	woman	dark	Jonas
I 'll show you I 'm as _ as any Indian buck that ever lived .	I	good	buck
The history of those two expeditions , I think , are as _ as any chapter in our American annals .	history	glorious	chapter
I 'll bet it 's not as _ as yours at that , .	it	bad	yours
We 've been here two days and we and our outfit are as _ as daisies .	we	fresh	daisies
and Enoch was as _ as his word .	Enoch	good	word
But she 's as _ as the Canyon itself at keeping a secret .	she	safe	Canyon
They marry as _ as eleven and twelve years of age .	They	young	eleven
There was not a bit of air stirring and the sea was as _ as glass .	sea	smooth	glass
ticket venders were as _ as of yore , but , somehow , I did not feel like patronizing them .	venders	busy	yore
That is as _ as an admission .	That	good	admission
Ethan , are just as _ as ever they were , sir .	Ethan	clear	ever
He went up to the tomb in the midst of the sepulchre and loosening its stones with the adze , laid them on one side after which he fell to digging with the adze in the earth till he uncovered a trap of iron , as _ as a small door , and raised it , when there appeared beneath it a winding stair .	he	big	door
Thereupon the griffin became a piebald wolf and they fought long and sore , till the cat finding itself beaten , changed into a worm and crept into a pomegranate which lay beside the fountain in the midst of the hall whereupon the pomegranate swelled till it was as _ as a watermelon .	it	big	watermelon
He munched it all night , and we found him Next morning as _ as a hog .	we	full	hog
But I doubt if the men of the present Are as _ as the men of the past .	men	good	men
hour 's spell Stumpy was as _ as mutton , t ' other dog was live and well .	Stumpy	dead	mutton
And my best wish is that they will be as _ as my better half and me .	they	happy	half
and the fauna of these inhospitable regions is as _ as the flora .	fauna	poor	flora
An ' it worked as _ as greased lightnin ' .	it	slick	lightnin
He 's as _ as a rag .	He	weak	rag
But whatever rapid process was going on down there , it was not as _ as the lightning process of Pee .	it	rapid	process
This one was as _ as a little lamb , but it .	one	simple	lamb
He looked as _ as a circus .	He	funny	circus
Your hair is almost as _ as mine .	hair	fine	mine
It was as _ as coal , and had just arrived from Singapore .	It	black	coal
and I ought to know , for I have had to do with them for thirty years , and in only one year I have imported as _ as seventy .	I	many	seventy
They are as _ as your hand , sharp at both ends , and two handled .	They	broad	hand
He is as _ as a school .	He	enthusiastic	school
boy thinking of the kite he will make as _ as a barn .	he	big	barn
they are as _ as the clubs and spears , the clothes and pottery .	they	real	clubs
It wo n't be much of a blow , and we 'll be as _ as a bug in a rug , here in the tent , particularly if we have that lemonade which some of you fellows were going to make .	we	snug	bug
trees in the churchyard , and in the meadows where she got the beautiful yellow catkins , which were as _ as the down of the goslings , and which she was so fond of playing with , also the young twigs which she liked cutting into pipes or whistles .	catkins	soft	down
natured , that to my taste , I declare , she is as _ as Rose .	she	handsome	Rose
his song was as _ as any nightingale , and his heart was glad , because his young brood was hatched , and he knew that they now sat with their little yellow beaks poking out of the nest , and thinking what a famous bird their father was .	song	loud	nightingale
It was almost as _ as Crown .	It	big	Crown
it may be assumed that the actual expense of attempting to make a railway , on which the tractive force required for any load would be nearly twice as _ as on a level , along the line you propose , would not be so little as .	expense	great	level
Therefore , it appears , that the expense of keeping the Liverpool and Manchester Railway in repair , is seven times as _ as that of the average expense of repairing the turnpike roads of England .	expense	great	that
This circular end was as _ as the tunnel , excepting about an inch all round , and was fixed to the carriage , so as to stand across the tunnel .	end	large	tunnel
Well , I arranged my room , and it is as _ as a new pin .	it	neat	pin
They must remember they are not as _ as men , and then they do idiotic things , such as taking no exercise , into the bargain .	they	strong	men
her friendship was as _ as her trained skill .	friendship	ready	skill
whose taste for travel was as _ as his talent for making an exceptionally fine and original type of stone spear point .	taste	great	talent
The hand axes that he found in the river terraces were hardly as _ as his theory that these terraces dated the tools , and that the terraces were formed far in the past when the rivers were swollen with water .	axes	important	theory
indicated an ancient man half again as _ as a gorilla .	man	large	gorilla
The finds were in the dried beds of lakes that had apparently been formed in the pluvial , or very wet , period which occurred at least as _ as the end of the last glaciation .	which	early	end
Together with fossils of mammals they lay as _ as forty .	they	deep	forty
The fact that they were found with the bones of elk and bison and along the shores of dry lakes in Mexico argues that this culture is as _ as Cochise , perhaps older .	culture	old	Cochise
s Interment would be as _ as a Malefactor .	Interment	ignoble	Malefactor
The desire of Living is as _ as the necessity of Dying inevitable , and some have spared no means to render themselves Immortal , if Human Nature could possibly have arriv .	desire	natural	necessity
A great calamity , for instance , is as _ as the trilobites an hour after it has happened .	calamity	old	trilobites
Now I am as _ as any of my fellow .	I	patriotic	any
it is as _ as prinking at the looking .	it	natural	prinking
His products are as _ as those of the baker or the weaver .	products	needful	those
Leave them to seek their own mates , and they will be as _ as sparrows .	they	merry	sparrows
A lamp was smashed , and some of the electric terminals had been jarred from their posts , but not a tire had been punctured , and the machine seemed as _ as ever of taking the road .	machine	capable	ever
a great number of inverts ' histories are at the least as _ as the attempts of psychoanalysts , especially when they come from persons skillful in self .	number	trustworthy	attempts
the things I longed intensely to do I would not let myself do , not from any religious or moral scruple , but from some inexplicable fastidiousness or scrupulosity which is yet as _ as ever , although I am sure that it would not be able to hold its own could these favorable conditions be repeated , but would be overcome by the imperious and fully grown desires which , by long repression , or by unsatisfactory diversion , have grown to be so strong .	fastidiousness	active	ever
A kiss was as _ as the act of .	kiss	unclean	act
At the same time bisexual women are at least as _ as bisexual men .	women	common	men
She drank , she swore , she courted girls , she worked as _ as her fellows , she fished and camped .	she	hard	fellows
yet , according to the evidence of those who have an international acquaintance with these matters , homosexuality is fully as _ as on the Continent .	homosexuality	prevalent	Continent
yet a Debt of Honour , Sir , is as _ as their Ready Money .	Debt	sure	Money
do people , wine was the drink , and the variety was nearly as _ as in our time .	variety	great	time
The pretty Creature her Niece does all she can to be as _ as her Aunt .	she	disagreeable	Aunt
were kept in that admirable Order , that they shone as _ as a Good Housewifes .	they	bright	Housewifes
and the prize once sank as _ as ' a pair of breeches .	prize	low	pair
His death was almost as _ as his life .	death	remarkable	life
He was as _ as Jervas , if not more so .	He	vain	Jervas
which gave us such Refreshment , after we had been stewing in our own Gravy , that we thought ourselves as _ as a Couple of .	we	happy	Couple
His Learning is commonly as _ as his Honesty .	Learning	little	Honesty
His Coat was as _ as the Sky .	Coat	blue	Sky
He 's as _ as a Prince , treats any Body that will keep him Company .	He	generous	Prince
Tuesday 's raids marked the peak of daring during the riot , and their subsidence was as _ as their rise .	subsidence	gradual	rise
looked on , but at times the proportion would be as _ as twenty .	proportion	great	twenty
He said as _ as thirty .	He	many	thirty
They are as _ as peacocks , but have nothing of the peacock 's beauty .	They	proud	peacocks
the absence of stimulated sentiment is as _ as the absence of violence .	absence	conspicuous	absence
Many of the houses in this district are of frame structure , and they are not as _ as those in the formerly fashionable white districts .	they	commodious	those
As a general rule , loans on old residence property are not as _ as those on houses in new districts .	loans	good	those
Others agreed that the Negro mortgage debtor is quite as _ as a white debtor of the same class .	debtor	reliable	debtor
They 're as _ as whips if they 'd just get down to business .	They	smart	whips
I am asked whether the colored protest against disorderly resorts would be as _ as a protest made by an equal number of white men .	protest	effective	protest
It is difficult to say how long this popular misconception might have survived had it not been for the labor shortage which forced employers to experiment with Negro women workers and to learn with surprise that they were as _ as white women and became as efficient workers after receiving the necessary training .	they	teachable	women
We have quite a number of Negro neighbors where I live , and several black men work with me , and I want to say I think they are just as _ as anybody .	they	good	anybody
I suppose I am as _ as others in this , for in my heart I have no prejudice of which I am aware , yet I believe I am infected with the universal indefinite prejudice , if I could but analyze it thoroughly .	I	inconsistent	others
It is almost as _ as fear .	It	elemental	fear
The opinions of Negroes on this question are as _ as the white opinions of the Negro .	opinions	various	opinions
This has caused many Negroes to believe that they are not as _ as the white people .	they	good	people
But , while the Negro press is not as _ as the white press and can not possibly be charged with having .	press	old	press
Teach me to live that I may dread The grave as _ as my bed .	I	little	bed
This sets off a flashlight which makes the place as _ as day .	which	light	day
They were as _ as needles , exactly as their old schoolfellow had said years before .	They	sharp	needles
you are as _ as a sheet , .	you	pale	sheet
said the little woman , who was herself about as _ as a match .	woman	fat	match
if every woman was as _ as your mother , there would n't be much domestic broiling to worry the world .	woman	wise	mother
You are as _ as a match already .	You	thin	match
Hawarden seems to present traces of at least three periods of construction , the oldest being that of the earthworks , which , like some similar ones in England , may be as _ as the tenth century .	earthworks	early	century
On the north is the ditch cut in the rock , of great depth and breadth , a very necessary defence , for beyond it the ground is at least as _ as the base of the keep .	ground	high	base
headed recesses in its polygonal basement chamber , may be as _ as Wakefield , and therefore in substance the work of Rufus .	recesses	old	Wakefield
When the power of Maud declined , the citizens , to whom Geoffrey was as _ as his fortress , laid siege to it .	citizens	odious	fortress
It has been shown , from structural evidence , that the Wakefield Tower , and probably the shell of Devereux Tower , and perhaps that of Bell Tower , are at least as _ as the reign of John .	Tower	old	reign
Probably the side walls were nearly as _ as the gables , so as to conceal the roof .	walls	high	gables
Also the remains of the lower gatehouse , on the north face of the keep , are clearly as _ as the keep , of which they are part .	remains	old	keep
feet , which must have been as _ as the upper floor of the gatehouse , and have commanded the adjacent curtain , from which it is separated by a narrow hollow way .	which	tall	floor
I see that your heart is as _ as a reed .	heart	dry	reed
who , haughty and gay , The free rebel of life , bound or led by no law , Walk 'd that causeway as _ as Eugene de Luvois .	Walk	bold	Luvois
An old illustration 's as _ as a new , Provided the old illustration be true .	illustration	good	illustration
A wink is as _ as a nod to the wise .	wink	good	nod
I know that your wife is as _ as snow .	wife	spotless	snow
where , to use the expression of our driver , the cedars grew as _ as hairs on a cat .	cedars	thick	hairs
why , it 's as _ as funerals .	it	sad	funerals
but in these enlightened times , though we love the tiger as _ as ever , still we mostly hunt him for the sake of his skin .	we	little	ever
Leporello , I shall eat a supper as _ as thy eyes when thou art frightened .	I	large	eyes
She is as _ as an angel who has missed her way , and wandered to earth .	She	beautiful	angel
He was as _ as any fool in France or Italy .	He	witty	fool
Am I not as _ as snow .	I	white	snow
and when I was on the sea , I said my love was as _ as the waves .	love	boundless	waves
That pleasant old farm house , once so happy , was as _ as the forest at midnight .	house	dull	forest
It was as _ as romance .	It	old	romance
It 's as _ as a bucket of tar in here .	It	dark	bucket
It 's as _ as a swamp .	It	damp	swamp
Electric engines are not as _ as electric motors from the standpoint of the amount of power delivered in proportion to the current used , but they make very interesting models and the young experimenter will derive fully as much pleasure in constructing one as from the construction of an electric motor .	engines	efficient	construction
but the Pope had a great quarrel with the Emperor of Germany , and told the poor credulous people that fighting his battles was as _ as a Crusade .	fighting	good	Crusade
The girl was as _ as milk , and her lips were like cherries .	girl	white	milk
Tom told the king that his father and mother were as _ as anybody about the court , but in rather poor circumstances .	father	tall	anybody
Let her voice be as _ as a corn .	voice	harsh	corn
Touching this second point I goe as _ as my Painter , but for the other and better part I am farre behinde .	I	farre	Painter
Mental processes and feelings are just as _ as actions , and in the aboriginal tongues of America are expressed by radicals as distinct and as ancient as any for sensuous perception .	processes	real	any
but it is as _ as mist , and of a gigantic size .	it	white	mist
that stands as _ as the castle on the rock .	that	sure	castle
Her hair , once so much like that which Madam Conway likens to her own , has bleached as _ as snow , and her tall form is shriveled now , and bent .	hair	white	snow
but with me family is quite as _ as money .	family	important	money
he ai nt as _ as Carrollton .	he	proud	Carrollton
Your face is as _ as a piece of paper .	face	white	piece
My feet are as _ as icicles now .	feet	cold	icicles
Curiously enough , the Germans are just as _ as ourselves , for their terms .	Germans	inaccurate	ourselves
while at Amarnath in Kashmere , where the floor is said to rise to the back wall , the entrance is about as _ as the area of the floor , so that the ice must also be below the level of the top of the entrance .	entrance	large	area
My thoughts are as _ as a bell , and now that I have said what I wanted to , I feel better .	thoughts	clear	bell
A miss is as _ as a mile , ' Lina .	miss	good	mile
He 'd know as _ as anybody , .	He	quick	anybody
she was as _ as the fisherman of any feat of skill or strength or courage performed by Clarice .	she	proud	fisherman
and if he succeeds with it , he pokes his ugly nose into our office , as _ as fate .	he	sure	fate
If he does , there comes on a loathing for it which is intense , so that the sight of the old battered manuscript is as _ as sea .	sight	bad	sea
to which grasses are as _ as the single shy blossom of a summer .	grasses	important	blossom
Comment on statements like these would be as _ as the assertions themselves are absurd .	Comment	useless	assertions
The next morning the townsfolk awoke to find their homes half buried in a white , downy mass as _ as the height of the fences .	homes	thick	height
The next day the excitement was as _ as the air before a cyclone .	excitement	tense	air
So the policemen there in the lobby , disarmed by the strict injunction of their chief , were as _ as babes , and like babes they drew down their mouths and gripped tighter that which was within their clutch .	policemen	helpless	babes
In the crowd that packed the platform the old men were as _ as the lads .	men	eager	lads
Some small gifts were as _ as the larger ones .	gifts	significant	ones
These diseases are as _ as accidents .	diseases	serious	accidents
five miles from the railroad , tomorrow is always as _ as today for beginning a new work .	tomorrow	good	today
The country in which this war between the miners and the coal companies is taking place is as _ as any that lies out of doors .	country	wild	any
This bed is as _ as my own at home .	bed	good	own
Upon my word , madame , you are as _ as a professor 's daughter .	you	sentimental	daughter
and though his face was as _ as ever , she could not detect in it the melancholy which can not be concealed from the eyes of the woman who can look into the depths , of the soul .	face	stern	ever
He went up as _ as a kite , and they held on to the rope below , down which he sent his messages .	He	high	kite
Van Heerden 's face was as _ as a sheet , but the hand he raised to his lips was without a tremor .	face	white	sheet
I hope the whole thing is a mare 's nest and for once in my life I trust that the police clues are as _ as hell .	clues	wrong	hell
I 've had the best accountants in London working out your position , and I know you live from hand to mouth and that the margin between your business and bankruptcy is as _ as the margin between you and prison .	margin	near	margin
No , she 's as _ as an oyster .	she	dumb	oyster
She is not as _ as my mother , .	She	beautiful	mother
Why , Nora , you are as _ as our military matchmaker .	you	bad	matchmaker
You know very well that the anticipation of happiness is almost as _ as the thing itself , and every time that I felt I was going to suffocate I thought of the evening we were to spend together afterwards , and felt as happy as I have described myself .	anticipation	good	happy
It was as _ as ditch .	It	stale	ditch
Her love for him was as _ as her admiration for these , his brothers .	love	genuine	admiration
Poor Frau von Seleneck was not as _ as her word .	Seleneck	good	word
it is twice as _ as Lucera .	it	dirty	Lucera
which ripens as _ as the end of October and must be eaten fresh .	which	late	end
the explanation of this odd pleonasm being , I suppose , that here the whole mass of rock , generally decked with grass or shrubs , is as _ as any single stone .	mass	bare	stone
This is as _ as the Amendolea near Reggio .	This	bad	Amendolea
The scenery in this valley is as _ as any in the Sila .	scenery	romantic	any
the brigands are extirpated , to the intense relief of the country people , who were entirely at their mercy , and whose boast it is that their district is now as _ as the streets of Naples .	district	safe	streets
The native apples are as _ as breadfruit .	apples	large	breadfruit
Sometimes the hauberk reached as _ as the neck only , but more generally it was continued so as to form a coif , leaving only the face of the knight exposed to view .	hauberk	high	neck
and though the earliest examples are as _ as the kite .	examples	tall	kite
Occasionally the constables have a command of two hundred men , and sometimes it sinks as _ as fifty .	it	low	fifty
It may be as _ as money , as you say , but I think I 'd rather see the cold cash .	It	good	money
We 're four to one and even if he 's stronger than any one of us he 's not as _ as all four of us put together .	he	strong	four
Why , it 's one of those things that 's about as _ as paper .	things	light	paper
One course is as _ as another , if you 're not losing distance .	course	good	another
They are as _ as lions .	They	brave	lions
It was a great cause that had to be pleaded , and the occasion and the city and the man , were as _ as the cause .	occasion	great	cause
Writs of Assistance were as _ as the mummies of Egypt .	Writs	dead	mummies
But this gleam of reason was as _ as others that had preceded , and with Bowen we willingly draw a veil over the sad record of this most terrible misfortune of our hero .	gleam	transient	others
Her answer was as _ as my inquiry .	answer	prompt	inquiry
She was as _ as a mouse , and her words seemed to me stupendous in their wisdom .	She	quiet	mouse
One of them was that he had changed by some process as _ as Flora .	he	effective	Flora
A success was as _ as a good dinner .	success	prosaic	dinner
they remain as _ as oil and water .	they	distinct	oil
My head is twice as _ as yours , They therefore needs must fit .	head	big	yours
His face now was as _ as granite .	face	hard	granite
and he goes around as _ as life .	he	big	life
and , she divined , his love if ever given would be as _ as hoops of steel .	given	lasting	hoops
hand , had left a black and blue spot as _ as a hen .	hand	large	hen
I have put my foot in it , and this low fellow has the upper hand of me as _ as the world .	fellow	sure	world
In a very short space of time the ground about the roots of the tree was as _ as the back of his hand , but nothing was to be seen of the money .	ground	bare	back
s face grew as _ as a sheet .	face	white	sheet
They were as _ as so many sticks of wood .	They	motionless	sticks
s eyes bung out as _ as your fist when he hears of it .	eyes	big	fist
comer was as _ as an old shoe , and as ready to talk to me as I was to talk to him .	comer	common	shoe
Sure enough , the face , now as _ as the big puffs of hair above it , came into view as two men lifted the owner , a big , stately woman , to the sidewalk .	face	white	puffs
See , I 'm as _ as an ox .	I	strong	ox
said Polly , quite as _ as Candace herself .	Polly	happy	Candace
And because he had been a soldier , because he was as _ as able , and as industrious as orderly , he received recognition at the hands of that portion of the public which finds litigation necessary .	he	modest	orderly
its value will be enhanced , but cotton , hemp , and silk will be as _ as weeds or as gossamer webs .	cotton	valueless	webs
Allan was as _ as most persons .	Allan	courageous	persons
This box is just as _ as that one , .	box	comfortable	one
And when they had passed , the tent began to belch forth men who walked with heads and shoulders a little bent , talking together under their breaths of this man who dared defy the Committee to its face , and whose daring was as _ as the breeze that still pulled at the flapping corner of the cloth sign over the door of his place .	daring	impotent	breeze
Her voice was as _ as her eyes , and winsome as her wistful little smile .	voice	soft	smile
But she was as _ as beauty usually is , and he knew that also .	she	capricious	beauty
Instead , Dade coaxed him down from the tree and onto Surry , swearing solemnly that the horse was quite as _ as the limb to which Bill showed a disposition to cling .	horse	safe	limb
To me , one 's as _ as the other , with maybe first choice on death .	one	bad	other
Give me a month to school him , and this yellow horse will be mighty near as _ as your white one .	horse	good	one
but this dream of immortality is as _ as the human race .	dream	old	race
You will find him in this Poem as _ as in others , to many of which , the dull apprehensions of former times gave but slender allowance , from malitious custom more than reason .	You	active	others
to that issue , Your spoon shall be as _ as mine Sir .	spoon	deep	Sir
He was as _ as the snow outside and his teeth were chattering from something else besides the cold .	He	white	snow
The storm had passed away , and outside it was as _ as crystal .	it	clear	crystal
said Dave kindly , and stepping closer he shook a hand that was almost as _ as ice .	hand	cold	ice
They sold as _ as eighteen a day , and .	They	high	eighteen
All around them it was as _ as a tomb .	it	silent	tomb
CHAPTER XXIV THE BURGOMASTER OF MASOLGA Granbury Lapham had had practically no experience with horses and in the present trying emergency he was as _ as an infant .	he	helpless	infant
My room is as _ as a barn .	room	cold	barn
but he soon remarked that ideas in Germany are as _ as gold nuggets in Eldorado , and that those writers whom he had taken for intellectual princes , were in reality only common school .	ideas	plentiful	nuggets
Such showers of fine ashes fell for miles around , that the sky was as _ as midnight .	sky	dark	midnight
ribbon to be as _ as that of a chisel , and we can realize the formidable apparatus with which the mouth is armed .	ribbon	sharp	that
On every side ignorant niggers is as _ as flies .	niggers	thick	flies
This seems as _ as the water of Tay .	This	clear	water
N The date of this measure is as _ as its source .	date	uncertain	source
matches are as _ as tapers .	matches	good	tapers
Workin ' it is just as _ as rollin ' off a log , .	it	easy	rollin
across will be as _ as open an ' shut , .	across	easy	open
and through this we went into a narrow passage in the rock that in a moment turned and so brought us into a room that was nearly as _ as the oratory that we had just left , and that , as we presently found , actually communicated with the oratory by means of two narrow slits high up in the wall .	room	large	oratory
It was just as _ as rollin ' off a log , .	It	easy	rollin
That old king o ' yours must ' a ' been just as _ as a loon .	a	crazy	loon
But th ' Padre was as _ as th ' Professor , a ' most , for old .	Padre	keen	Professor
He seemed as _ as a king , and was pleased with everything they did for him .	He	comfortable	king
The bay was as _ as the sky .	bay	blue	sky
I 've seen a dozen women faint in my life , but they came to as _ as wink , if you dashed water on 'em .	they	quick	wink
then the sky grew leaden from having been gusty and mottled , and though no more rain fell , the wind was as _ as November , and the chill was something that ate to one 's very marrow .	wind	raw	November
hitherto they have been as _ as statues .	they	motionless	statues
echoed Francesco , on whose brow there now descended a scowl as _ as Ercole 's own .	Francesco	black	own
for I am as _ as the daylight with you .	I	open	daylight
The favourite son , however , was so extravagant that he soon became as _ as his disinherited brother .	he	poor	brother
Montagu was as _ as her intellectual superiority .	Montagu	notorious	superiority
For how should a woman who is as _ as a drum , talk upon any other subject .	woman	empty	drum
Johnson against her , who had told him that , taking away her Greek , she was as _ as a butterfly .	she	ignorant	butterfly
he is as _ as any man of that sort I ever knew .	he	decent	man
Why , sir , my feet swelled as _ as two horses ' heads .	feet	big	heads
Why , they take to us as _ as life .	they	natural	life
Not that I dreaded her violence , for she is as _ as a lamb but there were causes enough for dread of another nature .	she	gentle	lamb
and Major Price was as _ as myself .	Price	grave	myself
I saw a performance of courtly etiquette , by Lady Charlotte Bertie , that seemed to me as _ as any feat I ever beheld , even at Astley 's or Hughes 's .	I	difficult	feat
playing nature , was as _ as the purest and whitest of .	nature	pure	purest
You are as _ as a lettuce .	You	fresh	lettuce
so that they were obliged to apply more than forty leeches to him at once , and the blood that came was as _ as pitch .	came	black	pitch
A washstand , some soap , a little table , and new mat so that she may not have to step on the tiles , that are as _ as ice , when she gets out of bed in the morning .	that	cold	ice
They wish to fill your head with antiquated juridical rubbish , and they desire that at a bound you should be as _ as your mother .	you	old	mother
You are as _ as a boy .	You	vigorous	boy
With a girl like that to take care of him , an old man would soon be in his grave , even if he were as _ as an oak , .	he	strong	oak
Here , I will always be as _ as a lath .	I	thin	lath
The moment I set foot in the old land I shall grow as _ as a young ox .	I	strong	ox
The Rojases are as _ as mules .	Rojases	stubborn	mules
He will be as _ as a glove before the year is over .	He	soft	glove
blue eyes , and his curling golden hair , worn long in frontier fashion , he was as _ as any Norseman that ever boasted his descent from the ancient Vikings .	he	fair	Norseman
The speaker was a young Mexican woman , and he encountered the glance of a pair of eyes as _ as velvet and as black as night , set in a face of rich olive tint .	he	soft	night
That 's as _ as a last year 's bird 's .	That	old	bird
The cacique had ought to know the secret if anybody does , and she 'd be as _ as any of the squaws to be let into it .	she	likely	any
orita was as _ as an antelope .	orita	wild	antelope
hot I could see I was as _ as a sheet , and my eyes like coals of fire .	I	white	sheet
Rifles like that ai nt quite as _ as blackberries around this country .	Rifles	common	blackberries
Grey eyes against black , white man against red , the strife is as _ as the history of the continent they stood upon .	strife	old	history
By the law a woman is as _ as a man .	woman	free	man
He will be as _ as your son .	He	good	son
The red Indian is as _ as the next man , but he objects to getting killed if he can help it , and he will carefully avoid exposing himself to the aim of a dead .	Indian	brave	man
For the first time since their meeting he took his eyes off Mahletonkwa and looked back to where he had left his Pueblo friends , who had remained all this time as _ as ever , waiting on the event with the inexhaustible patience of their race .	who	invisible	ever
Why , it 's as _ as mud .	it	clear	mud
He and Miss Josefa 's daddy are as _ as thieves now .	He	thick	thieves
for there 's a few families here in New Mexico that 's just as _ as anybody , if it comes to that .	that	good	anybody
and his Poverty was as _ as his Age .	Poverty	great	Age
There the Laws of Action give them such free and almost unlimited Liberties to play and wanton with Nature , that the Voice , Look , and Gesture of a Comedian may be as _ as the Manners and Faces of the whole Mankind are different from one another .	Voice	various	Manners
He was as _ as his Word , and the next Pay .	He	good	Word
Henderson in his younger days had been as _ as any mental hero of one .	Henderson	wise	hero
but the motive of caprice or crotchet is as _ as any motive that can rule the human heart .	motive	powerful	motive
It is as _ as day .	It	common	day
If few or none could appreciate the technical merit of his productions , yet there were points in regard to which the opinion of the crowd was as _ as the refined judgment of the amateur .	regard	valuable	judgment
In three seconds , or perhaps five , the water all around me , for the distance of a small front yard , was just as _ as a table and as smooth as glass , and so invitin ' in appearance that the three gulls jumped out of the boat and began to swim about on it , primin ' their feathers and lookin ' at themselves in the transparent depths , though I must say that one of them made an awful face as he dipped his bill into the water and tasted kerosene .	water	flat	glass
To my amazement she was as _ as ever , but her beautiful mouth smiled , and there was a mischievous light in her dark .	she	calm	ever
A pain in the toe is probably as _ as a pain in the head .	pain	troublesome	pain
Johnson 's one morning , and had conversation enough with her to admire her talents , and to shew her that I was as _ as herself .	I	Johnsonian	herself
But a convert from Popery to Protestantism gives up so much of what he has held as _ as any thing that he retains .	he	sacred	thing
I do not mean that we should speak as _ as a certain prosperous member of Parliament from that country .	we	broad	member
Armorial bearings having been mentioned , Johnson said they were as _ as the siege of Thebes , which he proved by a passage in one of the tragedies of Euripides .	they	ancient	siege
We have seen fine fiddlers whom we liked as _ as toads .	we	little	toads
Trade is as _ as courtesy .	Trade	diligent	courtesy
when , to say that it was a country as _ as England , would have been a gross falsehood .	it	good	England
They are as _ as the first book of travels that you will take up .	They	good	book
They are as _ as those of Keysler .	They	good	those
If Charles the Second had bent all his mind to it , had made it his sole object , he might have been as _ as Louis the Fourteenth .	he	absolute	Fourteenth
Johnson 's laugh was as _ as any circumstance in his manner .	laugh	remarkable	circumstance
he answered , ' because I think my French is as _ as his English .	French	good	English
Some men 's hearts are as _ as the world , and still have no room in them to hold the memory of a wrong .	hearts	great	world
my spirit was as _ as ever , but I could not help mine infirmities .	spirit	good	ever
But riches , is as _ as winter , To him that ever fears he shall be poor .	riches	poor	winter
Riches and care are as _ as sun and shadow .	Riches	inseparable	sun
You 're as _ as the flowers in May .	You	welcome	flowers
why am not I as _ as Mandlebert .	I	proper	Mandlebert
but the adulation of the officers was by no means ambiguous , and its acceptance was as _ as its presentation .	acceptance	obvious	presentation
but still , if you had received , however causelessly , any alarm for the affection of the man you meant to marry , and that man were as _ as Edgar , you would have been equally disturbed .	man	amiable	Edgar
Here , in particular , my understanding must have been as _ as my morals , to have betrayed me into such an enterprise .	understanding	defective	morals
and afterwards , Jack Whiston persuaded me , the money was as _ as my own , and that it was nothing but a little cribbing from myself .	money	good	own
master would have charged him half a day 's work , as _ as a gun .	master	sure	gun
And they 're as _ as Lucifer .	they	proud	Lucifer
The gestures , both of the gentlemen and ladies , were as _ as if meant rather to intimidate the audience , than to shew their own animation .	both	outrageous	audience
Unused to , because undeserving control , your days , to this period , have been as _ as your spirits .	control	gay	spirits
The love of right is implanted indelibly in your nature , and your own peace is as _ as mine and as your mother 's upon its constant culture .	peace	dependant	mine
However , you have no need to be cast down , for this prize will set all right , and make you as _ as a lord , at the same time that you are as wise as a philosopher .	you	rich	philosopher
However , I believe it 's pretty nigh as _ as that I had on that night I saw you at Mrs.	it	good	that
I am as _ as Job .	I	poor	Job
Why , he 's as _ as Croesus , child .	he	rich	Croesus
Such , however , was his present absorption in what he was writing , that the voluntary kindness of his pupil was as _ as the forced intrusion of the waiter .	kindness	unwelcome	intrusion
her every propensity was pure , and , when reflection came to her aid , her conduct was as _ as her wishes .	conduct	exemplary	wishes
And so he did , and the Doctor was as _ as a lord , till he had scribbled all he could scratch out of his noddle .	Doctor	content	lord
The world is so full of sorrow , my dear girl , so little visited by happiness , that cheerfulness is almost as _ as existence , in such a vale of tears .	cheerfulness	necessary	existence
Wix would have him arrested as _ as breakfast , dinner and supper .	him	sure	breakfast
I only want to yammer you fellows out of a hundred apiece , and the game will be as _ as a peddler 's pup .	game	quiet	pup
she fancied gay colors and tasty little matters , so I filled her rooms with all the handsome things I could afford , and when it was done , I was as _ as any boy , thinking what happy times we 'd have together and how pleased she 'd be .	I	pleased	boy
on , the new order of things was as _ as a puppet .	order	good	puppet
and Dolly looked as _ as fate .	Dolly	stern	fate
His mouth was grave and firm , with plenty of will and courage in its lines , but a smile could make it as _ as any woman 's .	smile	sweet	woman
and they are fully as _ as the purest .	they	proud	purest
room window and played the first bars of a waltz , and the young people sprang up to follow , leaving their elders to coffee and wine , Baird was as _ as any one of them .	Baird	eager	one
Her voice was as _ as the lash of a whip .	voice	sharp	lash
he would sleep as _ as any one else in that house .	he	little	one
an unread book is as _ as ripe fruit just out of reach .	book	tantalizing	fruit
I 'm a Penniman , but I 'm fully as _ as your sister .	I	good	sister
when they 're headed for their stables they 're as _ as a man at calculating distance .	they	good	man
four years , she was as _ as any girl , and far more ineffective because made awkward by pride and a consciousness of the overwhelming thing which had grown and grown in her until it had led her to that moment in his arms .	she	inexperienced	girl
At the same time , I 've known Tom Reade for a good many years , and his performance is always as _ as his promise .	performance	good	promise
it is as _ as truth itself , yet light as the movement of a dance .	it	deep	movement
He was as _ as a mule , She was as playful as a rabbit .	He	stubborn	rabbit
You are as _ as ashes .	You	pale	ashes
but the true singer feels as _ as a tree .	singer	dumb	tree
I have two boys , and their uneasiness about my past is as _ as my uneasiness about their future .	uneasiness	keen	uneasiness
they are as _ as postage .	they	adhesive	postage
I do not want you to alter , and the refining influence of a really good woman is as _ as an acid .	influence	corrosive	acid
Their quickness and activity make them dangerous when hunted in the boats , but their bodies are encased in blubber so thin that it is as _ as their bone .	it	worthless	bone
It was as _ as indigo .	It	blue	indigo
He was as _ as a bowhead 's skin .	He	black	skin
The skin was as _ as sandpaper .	skin	rough	sandpaper
Its cutting edge was as _ as a razor .	edge	sharp	razor
They were as _ as oxen and when the sun had dried them , they were of a pronounced reddish color .	They	big	oxen
Those on shore remained as _ as boulders .	Those	motionless	boulders
Covered with snow and ice , they stood out against the sky as _ as marble .	they	white	marble
We took to the oars , for not a breath of air was stirring and the sea was as _ as polished silver .	sea	smooth	silver
With a whale harnessed to our boat and a sea as _ as any turnpike for our highway , we settled ourselves for the ride .	whale	smooth	turnpike
Homer , whose inkwell was as _ as the sea .	Homer	big	sea
that all this is pure fabrication , a fantasy of the brain , as _ as the air .	this	unsubstantial	air
The idea of a Son of God is as _ as the oldest cult .	idea	old	cult
I believe this Jesus is quite as _ as the Syrian Hesous , or Joshua .	Jesus	legendary	Hesous
In the preceding pages we have discussed the question , Is Jesus a Myth , but I believe that when we have reflected upon the story of man 's fall and his supposed subsequent salvation by the blood of Jesus , we shall conclude that the function , or the office , which Jesus is said to perform , is as _ as his person .	function	mythical	person
Even when he is just and great and good , he has no rights , he is as _ as the vilest .	he	vile	vilest
Of course , if we are for emotionalism and not for exact and accurate conclusions , Adler 's estimate of Jesus is as _ as that of Jones or Boyle , but if we have any love for historical truth , there is not even the shadow of evidence , for instance , that the disciples could not believe .	estimate	rhetorical	that
and there sits Mel telling his anecdotes , as _ as a king .	Mel	grand	king
he might be as _ as an angel .	he	good	angel
able British tradesman , and my money is as _ as yours .	money	good	yours
He 's as _ as Lucifer , and his girl takes after him , .	He	proud	Lucifer
He 's as _ as rain , .	He	right	rain
I 'll be as _ as the grave , .	I	secret	grave
We ai n't all as _ as wot you are , Nat , .	We	clever	wot
The Rockerbilt tiara itself was as _ as our own copy .	tiara	bogus	copy
But to keep in good form , Dixon , you must be as _ as a camel , as chaste as a monk , eh .	you	sober	monk
Your pipes are as _ as chimneys .	pipes	big	chimneys
Is n't my disguise as _ as yours .	my	good	yours
This place is as _ as another , if a man knows himself .	place	good	another
I am sure your father 's note is as _ as the bank .	note	good	bank
The details , whether in brick or granite or tin , are as _ as the conception of a building with its parts thus swearing at each other .	details	preposterous	conception
The unequal division into masses , of which one is just twice as _ as the other , looks capricious in the present detached condition of the building .	masses	wide	other
fault of his , when a little boy of ten years old , he is as _ as any private individual of the misdeeds which compelled us to depose him , and take possession of his territories .	fault	innocent	individual
but , after five years ' silence , his weapons were not as _ as of yore .	weapons	bright	yore
We warned him that in this case public opinion would be at least as _ as the Queen .	opinion	critical	Queen
A mass of cold steel could be as _ as any of the glutinous liquids , while the structural change which a solid undergoes in the process of liquefying could not take place under such pressure even at an enormously high temperature .	mass	plastic	any
With a probable substratum of truth , the story in its latest form is as _ as Autolycus .	story	fabulous	Autolycus
On being driven to a small clump , he gained by one spring a very lofty branch and bounded from one branch to another with the swiftness of a common monkey , his progress being as _ as that of a swift horse .	progress	rapid	that
This mist is as _ as rain .	mist	bad	rain
He was as _ as his father .	He	ignorant	father
Funerals are not as _ as in the civilized world , but everything that is necessary is reverentially done by rough but kindly miners .	Funerals	ostentatious	world
XXIV HAPPY THOUGHT The world is so full of a number of things , I 'm sure we should all be as _ as kings .	we	happy	kings
To refuse sympathy to the two best centuries of the Middle Ages because , three hundred years later , occurred a break in western Christendom is as _ as the attitude of those historians who would liken the religious movement of the XVI century to the antisocial outcrop of Oriental dualism called the Albigensian heresy .	break	illogical	attitude
so they dared to carve clown , dog , cat , or sheep on pinnacle , or in hidden nook , and their flora was as _ as their fauna .	flora	generous	fauna
Bourges is exceptional in that the inner aisle is twice as _ as the outer .	aisle	high	outer
the portrait of the donor is as _ as a miniature .	portrait	realistic	miniature
In the volcanic soil of Auvergne were elements that rendered mortar as _ as stone .	that	resistant	stone
Maximin are almost as _ as the central vessel .	Maximin	high	vessel
zelay , if his public word was as _ as his private letters .	word	uncompromising	letters
was poles apart from Puritanism , his rules for ecclesiastic plainness were as _ as those of the Puritans .	rules	rigid	those
Her extraordinary cult , especially among soldiers during the World War , proves that the thirst for sainthood is as _ as ever in the peoples who went crusading and flung themselves toward heaven in cathedrals .	thirst	strong	ever
and the cherished oaks are as _ as the human actors in the drama .	oaks	vivid	actors
With Morris the intellectual conception was as _ as with Browning it was strong , and apparently existed chiefly to give an excuse for the pictures following one another in rapid succession through every poem , short or long , dramatic or lyric , of both his youth and maturity .	conception	weak	Browning
They might be as _ as one chose to make them , and .	They	gay	one
yet put him in the chair at a meeting and he was as _ as the mildest of us .	he	patient	mildest
issued at one pound , ten shillings , rose as _ as twenty .	issued	high	twenty
his clothing was in tatters , and he was as _ as a skeleton .	he	thin	skeleton
we are sure it is not as _ as the rest of the story .	it	steep	rest
spinal fever became as _ as the means of prevention .	fever	clear	means
a lapse of regularity made evident by a suppression of beard and moustache as _ as that practised by Mr.	lapse	complete	that
d be as _ as anybody for a Hundred Thousand .	d	vulgar	anybody
Nevertheless they are supposed to have local habitations and cities wherein they dwell , though these are as _ as their inhabitants .	these	unsubstantial	inhabitants
According to the older Darwinism the lungs are just as _ as the corkscrew .	lungs	purposive	corkscrew
The figures in the chapels at Oropa are not as _ as the best of those at Varallo , but some of them are very nice notwithstanding .	figures	good	best
Then human civilisation will become as _ as that of ants and bees .	civilisation	stationary	that
And Connor and Paley and the others must right now be as _ as these guards .	Connor	unconscious	guards
Maybe their generators are n't as _ as ours .	generators	good	ours
The ride all the afternoon is a delight , the roads are as _ as ever , and the air is cool and fresh .	roads	fine	ever
But when one enters Normandy , all the land is as _ as Touraine , and one goes on rejoicing .	land	smiling	Touraine
which is not often , for sleep after these rushing rides is as _ as death .	rides	profound	death
The whole neighbourhood seems deserted , the yellow streets are as _ as the convent and its grave .	streets	silent	convent
it 's as _ as the hills , for that delightful old Professor , the one like a pink bear at the British Museum , told me the other day .	it	old	hills
There was every reason to be satisfied with this vanishing trick of the germ , though the manner of its vanishing was as _ as its appearance .	manner	inexplicable	appearance
That , perhaps , was a vibration in the top note , which in any case was as _ as a musical glass .	note	clear	glass
They seemed as _ as cats , and occasionally one more ferocious than the others would bound up , until I began to think I should be obliged to leave the limb on which I was sitting .	They	agile	cats
Many of them are as _ as negroes , and nearly all are fine specimens of physical beauty .	Many	black	negroes
and I said it because it was just as _ as Breckinridge 's long letter , .	it	true	letter
Orly is as _ as a goat , Deck .	Orly	wild	Deck
Some discussion had taken place between them , and Titus was as _ as a mule .	Titus	unreasonable	mule
The fellow is as _ as a mule , and we must make an end of him .	fellow	obstinate	mule
but he was as _ as military men usually are , and kept his own counsel .	he	reticent	men
They are as _ as a bear that has lost her cubs .	They	sulky	bear
He was as _ as a flash in his movements , and had a strong arm .	He	quick	flash
The moment he did so Kipps stooped as _ as a flash and picked up the carbine .	Kipps	quick	flash
I am as _ as a dead horse , .	I	dumb	horse
and the men were as _ as a bull in a swarm of hornets as the recall was sounded back there a while ago , when they were licking the enemy out of his boots , .	men	mad	bull
They were as _ as paper .	They	fine	paper
you are as _ as the flies .	you	tiresome	flies
My old friend burst out laughing when I questioned him , and said that I was as _ as a little carp , and that it was high time I went to the Sacr .	I	ignorant	carp
The effect of that waiting moment was as _ as anything I had ever experienced .	effect	sombre	anything
it was as _ as the grave .	it	silent	grave
The season during which , with Lovell at one end of the room , and the bride at the other , we sat waiting the arrival of the minister , was as _ as anything I had ever known .	season	solemn	anything
He could n't ketch his breath and he was as _ as a loon .	he	crazy	loon
and he could n't wait no longer , his head fell over as _ as a log , and that 's the way he 's been ever since , sleepin ' like death .	head	heavy	log
The bed on which Bess lay was as _ as snow .	bed	white	snow
it is as _ as not that you will never be called into court .	it	likely	not
You are as _ as a ghost .	You	white	ghost
Magnus , that men are sometimes quite as _ as women .	men	curious	women
But on this point the officials were as _ as in the commands they reiterated that she should get ready , promising , however , that application should be made for leave to let the young lady be with her , if she liked it .	officials	peremptory	commands
no obstacle appeared of consequence sufficient to draw aside a thought from the main object she had in view , but was either removed or passed over by an impulse that seemed as _ as the steam that causes the train to rush along the rail .	that	irresistible	steam
O'Donagough 's voyage to New England was quite as _ as such a voyage generally is .	voyage	agreeable	voyage
their paintings may not be as _ as ours , but they are as artistic .	paintings	brilliant	artistic
days the magistrates of the towns around seek them to arrest them , and the fine they must pay is always twice , three times , and in some cases ten times as _ as that imposed upon the American offenders .	they	great	that
Cochran came to a position of power in Western Persia which made his life as _ as a romance .	which	interesting	romance
Maybe his memory of those people vanishing was as _ as his memory of which way his door opened .	memory	wrong	memory
one , it was as _ as thirty .	it	high	thirty
And I figure that that 's as _ as anything else you can think of .	that	important	anything
At the same time it is due to the memory of this unfortunate officer to add , that his civil administration was as _ as his military one in Canada was inglorious .	administration	able	one
They are wove as _ as one 's hand , and about two feet long .	They	broad	hand
In this respect , BOXIANA , let thine ear be as _ as SPAGNIOLETTI .	ear	nice	SPAGNIOLETTI
you may be as _ as a dancing .	you	gay	dancing
Ve shall be as _ as mudlarks , and as gay as sand .	Ve	merry	sand
Such high bred qualities are as _ as air .	qualities	light	air
DICKEY was almost as _ as a clock to his time , in attending to orders .	DICKEY	true	clock
He was as _ as ice .	He	cold	ice
you 're as _ as any one .	you	bad	one
You 're as _ as a stone .	You	cold	stone
We struck the enemy a heavy blow , and the capture of the Vimy Ridge by the Canadians and the Highland Division was as _ as the great thrust by English and Scottish battalions along the valley of the Scarpe across the Arras .	capture	wonderful	thrust
dancing by kilted men as _ as Nijinski , in their stockinged feet , and old songs of Scotland which are blown down the wind of France , in this strange nightmare of a war where men from all the Empire are crowded along the fighting .	dancing	nimble	Nijinski
I had an astounding view of all this work in Lens , and it was as _ as a dream .	it	beautiful	dream
It was not as _ as that everywhere , but exactly that in parts of the line even before the heavy rains came on .	It	bad	that
This phase of the war is as _ as anything that has been done in the history of human strife .	phase	bloody	anything
He flung shells as _ as this into Angres and Avion , but seemed to rely on machine .	He	big	this
This officer 's story was as _ as anything I have heard in this war .	story	wonderful	anything
eyed and his mind was as _ as a bell , and the emotion that surged through him was well controlled .	mind	clear	bell
They were as _ as snow when the sun touched them , and made tempting targets for long .	They	white	snow
stations they are as _ as after all these battles , and if in some places they had ill luck they blame the weather for it .	they	patient	battles
but at that time , in my eyes , she was as _ as a three .	she	grand	three
but , on the contrary , some nearly as _ as men , who were nevertheless called .	some	large	men
and it had now become as _ as at any period of my life .	it	strong	period
I had dreams that were nearly as _ as the realities through which I had been passing .	dreams	terrible	realities
and likely enough it would prove as _ as myself in getting the advantage of the hold .	it	quick	myself
I perceived that it was some kind of wood , but polished till it was as _ as glass .	it	slippery	glass
My face alone was to be seen , and that was almost as _ as the rest .	that	white	rest
But to some people an Atheistical Rant is as _ as a Flourish of Trumpets .	Rant	good	Flourish
Were it otherwise , the Sense in these Lines , would be almost as _ as the Conscience .	Sense	bad	Conscience
Musick is almost as _ as Gunpowder .	Musick	dangerous	Gunpowder
THE Doctors disapprove of alcohol , but they are as _ as ever to the cheering effect of .	they	alive	ever
At least they are as _ as two types of physiognomy in the same race can be , from the expression both of face and gesture , in those old Greek sculptures , and in the old Italian painters .	they	different	types
And so it has come to pass that the London water is not now nearly as _ as some of it was thirty years ago , when it was no more fit to drink than that in the cattle yard tank .	water	bad	some
Let British ladies educate themselves in those laws of beauty which are as _ as any other of nature 's laws .	laws	eternal	other
Really these trees and plants are as _ as so many human beings .	trees	wicked	beings
But if those persons will think a second time , they must agree that my base is as _ as the phenomena which it explains .	base	broad	phenomena
of a certain bishop who went as _ as the second century to consult the doctors of Montpellier .	who	early	century
The unguent , however , to the horror of the doctors , burned the skull till the bone was as _ as the colour of ink .	bone	black	colour
Yet it is not claimed that it is as _ as the test of actual use may yet make it .	it	perfect	test
language is as _ as the English order , and in this instance certainly Mahomet and the mountain will never know what it is to be in each other 's embrace .	language	immovable	order
it is as _ as gold , tenacious as iron , and harder than steel , being next the diamond .	it	malleable	iron
The enumeration of the properties of aluminum is as _ as the scenes of a fairy tale .	enumeration	enchanting	scenes
and here the succession is as _ as the Tiber itself .	succession	muddy	Tiber
day , and he is as _ as Yoosuf .	he	beautiful	Yoosuf
for it is as _ as the Sun at noonday , and has long cried for justice at the hands of the Asylum of the World , my father .	it	notorious	Sun
Boys are very nasty to one another , when they 'd be as _ as anything to a girl .	they	nice	anything
I know Harry thinks I 'm as _ as a beefsteak .	I	healthy	beefsteak
You 're as _ as Maria , .	You	bad	Maria
Dorward , who turned out to have an altogether unusual gift for drawing nonsensical pictures , which were almost as _ as his own behavior , that behavior which irritated so many more people than it amused .	pictures	funny	behavior
She began to comprehend his faith , which was as _ as a little child 's .	faith	simple	child
I often say to him when he comes home a bit grumblified that his profession is as _ as a miner 's , and .	profession	bad	miner
Were they as _ as the lodgings he introduced you to .	they	nice	lodgings
Concertina went as _ as paper .	Concertina	white	paper
down place kept by Spanish Jews as _ as the bugs .	place	voracious	bugs
You 're as _ as Boccaccio , old son .	You	free	Boccaccio
be the hearts there had been as _ as at Pleshy .	hearts	frosty	Pleshy
You believe yourselves even now as _ as the angels , and shortly to be as happy , and you complain thus .	You	safe	happy
The chimney was as _ as a small closet .	chimney	wide	closet
Then he 'll be as _ as a king .	he	happy	king
balls were as _ as sparrows , and commoner too , sometimes , for the sparrows lost one another in the storms .	balls	common	sparrows
He was as _ as a drum .	He	good	drum
she was as _ as Watty , and very much like him in the face , but she was emotional and sympathetic .	she	fat	Watty
she 's as _ as the devil , but when I send round a bit o ' rawst , or porrk , or the undercut o ' the blade .	she	proud	devil
He 's been on the roads this forty year , till he 's as _ as a rat , and as poor as a myall black .	he	thin	black
And I 'd dig a tank or reservoir for surface water as _ as a lake , and bore for artesian water .	I	big	lake
He told her he was as _ as her brother .	he	good	brother
She 's as _ as a hatter , right enough , Dave , .	She	mad	hatter
There 's the yarn about Peter and the dying cattle at Piora Station one terrible drought , when the surface was as _ as your hand for hundreds of miles , and the heat like the breath of a furnace , and the sheep and cattle were perishing by thousands .	surface	bare	hand
Ribchester is as _ as any town in Christendom .	Ribchester	rich	town
by this means the earth had been by degrees carried away , so that a hole remained as _ as the height of a man .	hole	deep	height
The population of Wigan would scarcely be as _ as Warrington .	population	great	Warrington
The west end of the church seems to have been an additional part intended for a belfry to ease the main tower , but that is as _ as the east .	that	plain	east
I found in the car towards which they were so eagerly gazing about fifty colored people , some of whom were nearly as _ as myself .	some	white	myself
He swore he was as _ as a door .	he	deaf	door
Do you know how you caught hold of my waistcoat and helped the doctor to lift me up from the ground when I lay on the puszta as _ as dead , with the eagles shrieking over me .	I	good	dead
She looked as _ as anybody , though she would make fun of herself .	She	young	anybody
Her face was as _ as snow , and large tears stood in her eyes .	face	pale	snow
She 's as _ as her husband , I should say .	She	old	husband
So he shook hands with father , who stood as _ as a sheet , for all he was a ruddy .	who	white	sheet
her eyes as _ as her voice .	eyes	soft	voice
and his short stories are as _ as any of those by the French writers .	stories	good	any
To you , Zoe , I may confess that it is as _ as anything I have ever done .	it	good	anything
She is as _ as Roland .	She	bad	Roland
This discovery , when she had quite made up her mind that it was as _ as the former , entirely fell in with all that Effie had told her concerning herself .	it	true	former
His own face now was almost as _ as hers .	face	white	hers
they are each about as _ as a dinner .	they	big	dinner
but the air was so clear that Armorel , whose eyes were as _ as any ordinary field .	Armorel	good	field
She is as _ as the compass .	She	steadfast	compass
Two sureties are twice as _ as one , Without them she had been undone .	sureties	good	one
Horses were once as _ as air , When man on acorns lived content .	Horses	free	air
When the Farmer , his servants , and even his dogs , Cocks , chickens , and hens slept as _ as logs .	Farmer	sound	logs
At present it is as _ as the lugubrious emblem on the thorax of the Death 's .	it	inexplicable	emblem
In spite of all this effort , the institution of the bounty has not answered expectations , and , with the exception of a few districts , Vipers remain as _ as ever , showing what little man can do in altering the equilibrium of Nature , except by interfering with the natural conditions under which animals live .	Vipers	plentiful	ever
is grey or olive above , with the black markings confluent into more or less regular annuli , which are nearly as _ as the spaces between them .	which	wide	spaces
others are as _ as the Grass .	others	gentle	Grass
dreaded snake , the bite of which is probably as _ as that of its Indian ally , the Daboia , .	bite	bad	that
you sit at home and scare yourselves , and shake your wise heads , and prophesy evil , if a little glimmer reaches you of what is as _ as the air you breathe in other countries .	what	common	air
The ducks now and then , however , lay as _ as eight , for sixteen have been found in one nest , with two females sitting on them , who agree remarkably well together .	ducks	many	eight
it is as _ as the American , and softer , and less obstreperous .	it	strong	American
The vicissitudes of the Celtic inhabitants of Britain are as _ as any of which history holds record .	vicissitudes	romantic	any
She was as _ as a witch to them as she went along the road .	She	odious	witch
And she became as _ as ice .	she	cold	ice
The thousand wrinkles which crossed her face were twice as _ as usual , the false curls , which hung down over her eyes , were straightened by her tears , and her whole long , thin body was shaken with sobs .	wrinkles	deep	usual
The girl became as _ as death .	girl	pale	death
s heart was as _ as the swallow .	heart	empty	swallow
white roses with curled edges , and pink roses with broad petals , which on their outside edge were as _ as water , and dark red with black shadows .	petals	colorless	water
She came direct from the deepest thicket of the wood , where the ferns are as _ as trees , where the giant firs shut out the sun , so that it can only fall in golden drops on the yellow moss .	wood	high	trees
He tumbled like a pigeon , he hovered like a hawk , his flight was as _ as the swallow .	flight	swift	swallow
The fog was as _ as wet cloths .	fog	cold	cloths
They portended the whirlwind to which he would be as _ as a butterfly 's waved wing .	whirlwind	necessary	wing
It might have been as _ as a rat , or it might have been a part of something as large as a man .	It	small	man
They dashed madly at the grove , whose foliage from the high light of the field was as _ as a wall .	grove	inscrutable	wall
You are as _ as Woakus , the fox .	You	sharp	Woakus
You are as _ as Machque , the bear , and as brave as fierce Quenischquney , the panther .	You	strong	Quenischquney
the second wand became as _ as the first , and was discarded in its turn .	wand	useless	first
s own hand was as _ as ice .	hand	cold	ice
A miss is as _ as a mile , Dick .	miss	good	mile
His surprise was as _ as Bob .	surprise	great	Bob
At night the light is as _ as in the day , but people here do not seem to have much use for sleep , as the streets are just as crowded at night as in the day .	light	strong	day
But there was no snow on the ground , and the latter was as _ as iron and rang under her feet .	latter	hard	iron
which were as _ as nutmeg graters .	which	rough	graters
explained Joe Dale , who was now almost as _ as Dorothy and a very manly .	Dale	tall	Dorothy
And the groundhogs will be as _ as Job .	groundhogs	poor	Job
t you just as _ as anybody else .	you	good	anybody
They are at least as _ as the time of Elizabeth , and can pass among the Zigany in the heart of Russia for Ziganskie .	They	old	time
CHARLIE FITZHUBERT married HERMIONE , but they are as _ as curates , and he hates her .	they	poor	curates
She struggled fiercely , but the cloak that enveloped her , to say nothing of her own fur coat , hampered her movements , and she was almost as _ as an infant in the arms of its nurse .	she	helpless	infant
Some authorities rate it as _ as half a million .	it	high	million
e had been as _ as the explosion of gunpowder .	e	sudden	explosion
The natives of this country are as _ as any people under Heaven .	natives	healthy	people
There , Irma , you are as _ as the rest of us .	you	impatient	rest
Guidebook information would probably be as _ as that of a misguided guide , .	information	useful	that
her face is as _ as in the photographs I have seen .	face	sweet	photographs
With all the flowers she has , she is as _ as any of us over her roses .	she	excited	any
You are as _ as usual , and as pretty as a peach , .	You	perfect	peach
The younger cadets in the audience were as _ as the girls , out of respect for them , and because they had been told that they would be asked to withdraw by their officers if they forgot and conversed with the girls during the musical numbers .	cadets	quiet	girls
But remember that we are as _ as anybody and when the time comes we .	we	patriotic	anybody
credulous , does as _ as declare , That her Principles are to look before she leaps .	credulous	good	declare
His mother was as _ as an elderly Jewish woman with no grandchildren could be , but she was no match for automatic weapons .	mother	formidable	woman
It was a small and single well , about four feet in diameter , as _ as that at Karoul .	It	deep	that
Their mode of eating is as _ as that of preparation .	mode	singular	that
and the skins of such are as _ as velvet , but not curled .	skins	fine	velvet
At Bokhara , on the other hand , they have a sleek coat , as _ as that of a horse , and shed their hair in summer .	they	fine	that
The sources of this river , commonly called the River of Cabool , are nearly as _ as those to the eastward , which we have now described .	sources	remote	those
Their wives are as _ as beautiful , and purchased at a premium of two or three tillas .	wives	cheap	beautiful
The stalk of the juwaree , which is as _ as a walking .	juwaree	thick	walking
The political influence of Peshawur is as _ as its military power .	influence	limited	power
Dorothy turned to Garrison with her face as _ as chalk .	Dorothy	white	chalk
He took the proffered hand , as _ as a fish , and dropped it again immediately .	He	cold	fish
Those brave men who made the first flight in an airplane across the ocean the other day were as _ as Columbus , and their journey was as wonderful as that journey in .	men	venturesome	journey
A flourishing colony of prairie dogs had burrowed into it in every direction , and the little mounds of fresh earth around their holes were about as _ as the hills in a cornfield .	mounds	numerous	hills
but the muscles of a stronger arm than mine could not have checked at once the furious course of Pontiac , whose mouth was as _ as leather .	Pontiac	insensible	leather
An elephant who will not work and is not tied up is about as _ as an eighty .	elephant	manageable	eighty
And by the grace of God , by that the tournament be done , and ye come hither again , Sir Lancelot shall be as _ as ye , if so be that he will be governed by me .	Lancelot	whole	ye
evident thing that the largest ships of the line in existence , coming within the influence of that deadly attraction , could resist it as _ as a feather the hurricane , and must disappear bodily and at once .	ships	little	feather
Ravender , you are well aware that the lawlessness of that coast and country at present is as _ as the circumstances in which it is placed .	lawlessness	special	circumstances
When the night came on again as _ as before , it was the eighth night I had been on deck .	night	dark	before
He swore he saw the white frock of our poor little lost pet fluttering in the daylight , at the top of the mine , and he screamed out to her in a great fright that the gold was heavy , and the water rising fast , and that she must come down as _ as lightning if she meant to be in time to help them .	she	quick	lightning
His habits were as _ as his person .	habits	regular	person
Do you think this poem is as _ as the one that precedes it .	poem	stirring	one
He was as _ as a sick sheep .	He	docile	sheep
These tales were very real to him , as _ as any narrative in the Bible , so that he would tell them to me as incidents in the lives of people who had lived .	tales	real	incidents
He was as _ as a child and as eager to learn .	He	curious	child
the palace was the home of kings , the princess was of royal blood , the fairies were as _ as the children in the street , while the dishes at the banquet were of unquestionable gold .	fairies	undoubted	children
It may be as _ as a room in a convent .	It	quiet	room
In the personnel of the hospital of half a century ago she was an outstanding figure , yet now she is as _ as the dodo .	she	extinct	dodo
The spot was as _ as a five .	spot	large	five
The place was as _ as a pit , as stifling and as silent .	place	black	silent
Her face was as _ as marble .	face	white	marble
During the time he was with the caravan he worked as _ as any one else in his tattered clothes , and , perhaps , he would have been of more use than many a sane person .	he	hard	one
Perhaps the beetle is nearly as _ as the lizard in the desert , being found in its most arid and naked wastes .	beetle	common	lizard
and by the time the moon rose in the evening , all clouds had cleared away , and the heavens were as _ as in the morning .	heavens	pure	morning
Hence it appears that the humor of traveling is as _ as the human race , and that it was their curse from the beginning .	humor	old	race
all , indeed , that ever have been under the dominion of that tyrant , who in this free country is as _ as a Turkish bashaw .	tyrant	absolute	bashaw
I would have people know that I value money as _ as other folks .	I	little	folks
potch of character , that I should have been much diverted with him , had not his voice , which was as _ as a speaking .	voice	loud	speaking
for if ortolans were as _ as buzzards , and at the same time as plenty as sparrows , I should hold it yet reasonable to indulge the poor with the dainty , and that for this cause especially , that the rich would soon find a sparrow , if as scarce as an ortolan , to be much the greater , as it would certainly be the rarer , dainty of the two .	ortolans	big	ortolan
that it was as _ as a mountain .	it	big	mountain
But , when all allowance is made , his main reliance must have been on auditory imagery , and this must have remained as _ as auditory perception .	this	stable	perception
independent , sustained , original thinking is as _ as creative imagination or as sagacious and farsighted action .	thinking	rare	action
suggestion or autosuggestion may be as _ as the suggestion of an operator .	suggestion	effective	suggestion
for , although he did not address a word to that young maiden , he was as _ as his imitation of the antiquity of Baden .	he	busy	imitation
The dung of the reindeer in summer is almost as _ as cow .	dung	large	cow
which is made of whey boiled till it grows as _ as flummery .	it	thick	flummery
The remaining whey is boiled till two thirds are wasted , when it becomes as _ as flummery .	it	thick	flummery
It reaches as _ as the middle of the leg .	It	low	middle
each partial one has often as _ as eight .	one	many	eight
I picked some seeds from the spikes , which were as _ as grains of rye .	spikes	large	grains
mming is as _ as two of the salted sort , the former being greatly preferred .	mming	valuable	two
At the residence of the Governor of the Province at Calix , I saw three swans , which , having been taken when young , were as _ as domestic geese , to which these birds are so much alike in every respect , that I can have no doubt of their belonging to one genus .	young	tame	geese
Their breeches reach as _ as the feet , and are white , and they wear a sort of short cloak , sewed together in front .	breeches	low	feet
Ulaborg is almost as _ as Lund .	Ulaborg	large	Lund
Leaving Jacobstadt , I arrived at the town of New Carleby , which is nearly as _ as Wexi .	town	big	Wexi
In the evening I arrived at the town of Abo , which is as _ as Orebro , and well built .	town	large	Orebro
The industrial competition of peace is as _ as the competition of war .	competition	keen	competition
Why , they were as _ as friends .	they	good	friends
She looks as _ as a fiddle .	She	fit	fiddle
My dear Peter , add to my possession of the ordinary number of senses one that is almost as _ as the Dodo , .	one	rare	Dodo
Is it as _ as all that , Hammie .	it	bad	all
One writer claims that it is as _ as the incident itself , and says these rock .	it	old	incident
He was dreadfully careless about money , and his chief servant was just as _ as his master .	servant	careless	master
His brain is not nearly as _ as that of a Newfoundland , a setter , pointer , or even a poodle .	brain	large	that
tanned it until it was as _ as a piece of silk .	it	soft	piece
He was as _ as any of the young men , so his age in this case did not militate against him .	He	active	any
The happy little party left Errolstrath about seven o'clock , followed by the old hounds Bluey and Brutus , which were as _ as their young masters for the excitement of the impending chase .	hounds	anxious	masters
Here they found dinner waiting for them , and they all ate heartily , the delightful exercise having made them as _ as coyotes .	exercise	ravenous	coyotes
his arms became as _ as the young oaks of the forest , and after a short struggle he threw his antagonist to the ground .	arms	strong	oaks
said Rob , who was as _ as any of the family .	Rob	interested	any
When they had arrived within a few hundred yards of the place where the handsome creatures were still unconsciously resting , one of the Indians and Joe , who was as _ as the best man among them , dismounted and crawled forward in the brush to reconnoitre .	who	good	man
I 'm a lord , if your eyes a 'n' t as _ as a hedge .	eyes	red	hedge
we 're as _ as gentle .	we	good	gentle
sleeplessness , he awoke as _ as a bee , got up in as exhilarated a state as any gas .	he	brisk	gas
The matter was as _ as day .	matter	clear	day
Of course , the lovers ' meetings were as _ as all such matters generally are .	meetings	private	matters
It would appear then , that with the produce of the Begum 's diamonds , converted into money long ago , and some of them as _ as linnet 's eggs .	some	big	eggs
and yet , for all that stout intention of houses and lands , and carriages and horses , in almost any other county or country , it is as _ as any thing in this book , that he was a resident still , a lease .	it	true	thing
it 's as _ as a yawn .	it	catching	yawn
learned ignorance can tell , the very title may be as _ as Christianity itself .	title	old	Christianity
and with gleeful face can I assure you that your author 's mind is once again as _ as his heart .	mind	light	heart
It runs as _ as an arrow , and I pay for the water as though it were molten silver .	It	straight	arrow
All we Ethnological men are as _ as jackdaws of one another 's discoveries .	men	jealous	jackdaws
This is as _ as Peshawur .	This	bad	Peshawur
He was as _ as a chela who , seeing his master sitting in the dust outside the Gates of Learning , overleapt the gates .	He	humble	chela
And Mother Earth was as _ as the Sahiba .	Earth	faithful	Sahiba
It is as _ as the difference between freedom and slavery .	It	great	difference
rate in Berlin is already as _ as that of Paris ten years ago , although the French decline began at a very early period .	rate	low	that
rate has nevertheless already fallen as _ as that of Sweden , where the fall began very much earlier .	rate	low	that
headedness of the movement becomes as _ as its offensiveness .	headedness	striking	offensiveness
Let your experience inform me how the day may now seem as _ as in my childhood , while nature was yet fresh , and every moment showed me what I never had observed before .	day	short	childhood
his style is as _ as his conduct of the passions is masterly .	style	elegant	conduct
he is all clad in armour , for I saw his foot and part of his leg , and they are as _ as the helmet below in the court .	they	large	helmet
Isabella is of a cheerful disposition , but her soul is as _ as virtue itself .	soul	pure	virtue
when , to his utter amazement , the chasm closed , and the ground became as _ as the rest of the plain .	ground	entire	rest
thou art as _ as myself .	thou	cold	myself
her bosom was as _ as a mirror , .	bosom	smooth	mirror
Noureddin , who was as _ as Gulchenrouz , had a similar indulgence of resorting to the harem , and no less availed himself of it .	Noureddin	old	Gulchenrouz
s evening tide when we are old , Our remembrance is as _ as the dew Of things that we did in our youthful days , Whether good or bad , many or few .	remembrance	fresh	dew
Daddum , that story was n't as _ as most of yours are , .	story	good	most
His clothes were as _ as the plumage of a peacock , and he had a way of bringing his heels together with a click like a dancing .	clothes	gorgeous	plumage
Just behind the old gentleman was a stack of wooden boxes as _ as the ceiling .	gentleman	high	ceiling
Though we become as _ as church .	we	poor	church
Sin was living at least as _ as Samsu .	Sin	late	Samsu
palm flourished luxuriantly , and the areas under cultivation must have been at least as _ as those further to the north .	areas	productive	further
On the side of invention the situation was far from being as _ as a reading of Brissot might seem to imply .	situation	bad	reading
It is as _ as daylight , there are no species of government like a democracy to attain this end .	It	plain	daylight
You will be as _ as squirrels when you have played out of doors all the morning .	You	hungry	squirrels
His ears were so soft and silky that every one admired them , and his eyes were as _ as buttons , when we could get a glimpse of them .	eyes	bright	buttons
Night was as _ as day , and the air was so hot that the people could do nothing but stand still and look on at their own ruin .	Night	light	day
I 'll tell you something that is just as _ as flying , .	something	good	flying
night , and it is almost as _ as day .	it	light	day
Compared with Sheppard , Peace is as _ as the surroundings of mid .	Peace	drab	surroundings
bunny , and the colour of fresh honey , He 's as _ as HAD .	He	full	HAD
People pay as _ as sixty .	People	high	sixty
They are as _ as any in Alaska , .	They	fine	any
and his existence there was as _ as that of the Master of Ravenswood .	existence	simple	that
The total Allied casualties were not as _ as the number of Germans taken prisoner .	casualties	large	number
DINANT AND TERMONDE FALL But other cities and towns of Belgium were not as _ as Brussels and Ghent in escaping damage and destruction .	FALL	fortunate	Brussels
They are as _ as starved wolves .	They	lean	wolves
Even in the time which was then coming and which now is , when successful authors are almost as _ as millionaires , Verrian .	authors	many	millionaires
time he might be as _ as the poor little baby .	he	dead	baby
and indeed I almost think that my greed for joy is as _ as yours at times .	greed	great	yours
As these thoughts hurried through her mind while she made a pretense of eating her soup , it suddenly occurred to her that her present complete silence might look as _ as her former garrulousness .	silence	odd	garrulousness
then you are as _ as air .	you	free	air
I am as _ as a hunter .	I	hungry	hunter
which is as _ as this shaded body .	which	wide	body
a will be twice as _ as b , because it originates from twice as large a base at an equal distance .	a	dark	b
The variety of colours in shadow must be as _ as that of the colours in the objects in that shadow .	variety	great	that
The ear should be as _ as from the bottom of the nose to the top of the eye .	ear	high	bottom
And above all he must keep his mind as _ as the surface of a mirror , which assumes colours as various as those of the different objects .	he	clear	those
Take powdered gall nuts and vitriol , powder them and spread them on paper like a varnish , then write on it with a pen wetted with spittle and it will turn as _ as ink .	it	black	ink
Though the poet is as _ as the painter in the invention of his fictions they are not so satisfactory to men as paintings .	poet	free	paintings
up frames will be as _ as the solid metal .	frames	rigid	metal
Tubular cores are nearly as _ as solid ones in straight magnets , because the principal reluctance is due to the air .	cores	efficient	ones
It is generally as _ as a thread and flexible enough to be bent .	It	thin	thread
But if it is as _ as granted that every philosophy has been refuted , yet at the same time it must be also asserted that no philosophy has been refuted , nor ever can be refuted .	it	good	granted
And yet the idea is as _ as Communism itself .	idea	old	Communism
From Westport to Farmhill the country is as _ as any in the West of Ireland .	country	picturesque	any
It is not as _ as Innishark , which requires a trained gymnast to effect a landing , for it only needs nimbleness of brain instead of that of limbs .	It	bad	Innishark
Stacpoole , whose appearance and manner are as _ as his welcome is hearty , is by no means reticent as to the matters in debate between him and the tenants holding from him and other members of his family for whom he acts as agent .	Stacpoole	frank	agent
The ground was as _ as steel and as slippery as glass , and the first half .	ground	hard	glass
but seem to pass by him in a great hurry , making all the noise possible , and with plumage furled he stands as _ as a knot , allowing you a good view and a good shot , if you are a sportsman .	he	immovable	knot
She enters it as _ as a flash but as light as any feather .	She	quick	feather
when the leaves are as _ as a chipmunk 's ears .	leaves	big	ears
The eye is as _ as an escaped bird , and darts gleefully from point to point .	eye	delighted	bird
His chapter on the wild goose is as _ as a poem .	chapter	good	poem
hearted man is as _ as a girl .	man	weak	girl
The booming no longer makes sullen the air , And the silence of night seems as _ as prayer .	silence	holy	prayer
I may be as _ as a journeyman for all that .	I	good	journeyman
Then come with me , and we 'll hope that the intentions of those who are abroad this night are as _ as ours .	intentions	peaceable	ours
The streets are filled with people , and the excitement is as _ as at noonday .	excitement	great	noonday
Whitney that all the coast of the Bight of Benin , into which the Niger empties by its various mouths , was quite as _ as Bonny .	coast	unhealthy	Bonny
When anything is thrown overboard , they dart as _ as a flash under the noses of the larger and more clumsy birds , and pick up a mouthful or two before the latter can reach them .	they	quick	flash
Would it not surprise you to learn that we have coal in this country as _ as chalk .	we	white	chalk
that the giant gum is also called the ' silver stem , ' because when it sheds its bark every year the new surface of the tree , when the old one has come off , is as _ as silver .	surface	white	silver
Its bite is as _ as that of the scorpion or centipede .	bite	bad	that
It is not quite as _ as Melbourne , but at one time the inhabitants thought that their town would outstrip Melbourne completely .	It	old	Melbourne
The constellations of the Southern Hemisphere altogether are not as _ as those in the northern one .	constellations	brilliant	those
Harry remarked that it was quite as _ as any room they had thus far occupied in Australian hotels .	it	good	room
It is the principal one of the coves or harbors where ships can lie , though Darling Cove is nearly as _ as the one just mentioned .	Cove	important	one
I could go on indefinitely with those names , and it seems to me that the aboriginal ones are about as _ as those of British origin .	ones	numerous	those
Whitney said that he was reminded of New Orleans by the temperature , and on inquiry he ascertained that Brisbane is fully as _ as the great city near the mouth of the Mississippi .	Brisbane	warm	city
In many ways , it 's as _ as ours .	it	good	ours
Anyhow , it was not as _ as cooking for the boys in the woods .	it	hard	cooking
His claim , however , was not as _ as Jim 's , and Bernard was eccentric .	claim	strong	Jim
Child , you look as _ as a ghost .	you	pale	ghost
it 's as _ as a play .	it	fine	play
She 'll be as _ as two sticks to .	She	cross	sticks
If you are not as _ as any tired dog , I am .	you	tired	dog
and therefore your legs are as _ as pins , you have a cold pain in the middle of your chest , and you have an intense desire to see your mother again .	legs	weak	pins
a fortnight ago he was in work and they were as _ as anything .	they	fit	anything
That 's as _ as anything .	That	impossible	anything
I am as _ as ever and indeed , after this evening 's dinner more interested .	I	interested	ever
It is as _ as gold when he is there and follows him with its eyes .	It	good	gold
Her grey hair was as _ as of old , escaping from the order that it had been intended to keep and falling over her beautiful eyes , so that continually she moved her hand .	hair	untidy	escaping
In Rotorua you can even have a delightful bath of liquid mud , which is like grey cream mixed with oil , and makes one 's skin feel as _ as silk .	skin	soft	silk
There was another test pilot , not as _ as his cousin .	pilot	popular	cousin
The War Department was as _ as the Militia of Massachusetts .	Department	unprepared	Militia
For a week the men of the Eighth were as _ as ants .	men	industrious	ants
the poor animals were almost as _ as their drivers , obeying them with the utmost readiness and alacrity .	animals	intelligent	drivers
without which we would have been as _ as two children .	we	helpless	children
you was as _ as iny of them .	you	good	iny
He does n't look as _ as that all the time , does he .	He	bad	time
His face was as _ as ever , but his look was one of contentment .	face	sober	ever
One name in the woods is as _ as another If a man answers to it and it 's easily spoken .	name	good	another
We were trailing , Henry and I , trailing and trapping In the land to the north , where fur was the thickest , And knaves were as _ as mink or as otter .	knaves	plenty	otter
The door was as _ as the mouth of a cavern .	door	wide	mouth
His face was as _ as judgment to sinners .	face	solemn	judgment
stood , and gazed at the leaf , Her face grew as _ as her gown , and she trembled And shook like a white swan in dying , then she cried , .	face	white	gown
I wish that I was as _ as Jemima .	I	good	Jemima
s ears had been as _ as his eyes , and he could have heard the conversation that was proceeding in the drawing .	ears	good	eyes
The cuttle ink had proved an excellent medium , and the tattooing was as _ as the day on which it had been done , and would , no doubt , remain so till the last hour of her life .	tattooing	fresh	day
Hardly were the words out of her mouth when the butler , who looked as _ as a mute in his deep mourning , opened the door and announced .	who	solemn	mute
The capture of the town was as _ as its subsequent defence .	capture	remarkable	defence
it was already , he said , as _ as blood .	he	red	blood
men and women whose debt to her is equally as _ as mine .	debt	great	mine
His droll little mouth was drawn up like a bow , And the beard on his chin was as _ as the snow .	beard	white	snow
and the wheat grew higher and higher until it was as _ as little John 's knees .	it	high	knees
and the grass was as _ as little John 's head .	grass	high	head
They call the piles of hay haycocks , and they were as _ as little John 's head .	they	high	head
At the bottom they were about as _ as little John 's wrist , and at the top they were only as big as his thumb .	they	big	thumb
but the harbour of Valetta is as _ as the island and was used long before the town existed .	harbour	old	island
Ceylon is almost as _ as Ireland .	Ceylon	large	Ireland
The Europeans are almost as _ as the natives .	Europeans	varied	natives
But their progress was hardly as _ as that of the enemy , for the simple reason that Roger and Philip had made an occasional .	progress	rapid	that
There is not a scrap of food aboard , and only a wooden bowl to show that he had water , but now it is as _ as a bone .	it	dry	bone
Now that he was recovering , and feeling stronger and better every day , his heart was as _ as a boy 's , and he had long ago ceased to fret about the loss of his comrades .	heart	light	boy
He was as _ as his word , too , and for many minutes the scene at the narrow doorway was appalling and magnificent .	He	good	word
The youth is as _ as a bird in a cage , and there is but till to .	youth	secure	bird
I have watched him since , and his conduct has been as _ as the mark left in the dust by the movement of a snake .	conduct	sinuous	mark
His apparel was as _ as his person .	apparel	dull	person
At this moment he was as _ as in the morning .	he	firm	morning
She could not at least accuse him of avarice , since for her he was as _ as a thief .	he	prodigal	thief
He had seen so many things and known so many people that he was as _ as a chronicle .	he	interesting	chronicle
She became as _ as her collar , her ruddy lips blanched , her eyes stared .	She	white	collar
She lifted her clasped hands as _ as her forehead , bent her head , half shut her eyes .	She	high	forehead
His voice was as _ as a murmur , and yet it seemed terrible to his hearers .	voice	feeble	murmur
In an hour it was almost as _ as day .	it	light	day
These birds were nearly as _ as a guillemot , but of what species I do not know .	birds	large	guillemot
But a miss is as _ as a mile .	miss	good	mile
Now I roughly calculate that we must have a pile of gourds as _ as the Spanish galleon , if you can imagine it lying on the beach .	we	large	galleon
My poor Richard , I am afraid you are almost as _ as a heathen .	you	ignorant	heathen
and , till she was seven years old , she was just as _ as other children .	she	thoughtless	children
you 're as _ as a feather , and I 'm as strong as a horse , .	you	light	horse
and I 'm as _ as a kangaroo .	I	hungry	kangaroo
You 're nearly as _ as the best of them , and much cleverer .	You	strong	best
I am not nearly as _ as Malines or Morris , or the Binneys .	I	strong	Malines
Dominick was indeed fully as _ as his opponent , and his shoulders were nearly as broad , but the massive weight of Malines 's figure seemed to render the chance of Dominick 's success highly improbable .	Dominick	tall	opponent
The yew was as _ as a tree could be , And grieved as a yew .	yew	vexed	yew
Slowly , surely , rising higher , Soon she will be as _ as the spire .	she	high	spire
The bough is as _ as the solid rock .	bough	firm	rock
They gave to Lucy a penny clear For every person who came to hear , So now the girl is as _ as a prince , For he has been laughing ever since .	girl	rich	prince
And a bell rings with a flop , A sort of heavy drop , A distant blunt bark , As if it was made in the dark , And lived underground like a mole , And the rope was as _ as a coal .	rope	black	coal
He stares with surprise at a basin of soup , He fancies a bowl as _ as a hoop .	He	large	hoop
Exposed to the full glare of the afternoon sun , the boat became as _ as an oven .	boat	hot	oven
s a great deal better than some places , you know , and your mamma and Uncle Phin can come here to live with us , and I can do lots of things to earn money , and we can be just as _ as anything .	we	happy	anything
The character of his stock varied according to the time of year , for nature and Belgravia are less stable in their seasons than the Jewish schoolboy , to whom buttons in March are as _ as snow .	schoolboy	inconceivable	snow
You 're as _ as Solomon , who pulls off flies ' wings to see if they can fly without them .	You	bad	Solomon
It is as _ as ours , .	It	good	ours
story was as _ as her telling of it .	story	simple	telling
Malka got as _ as fire .	Malka	red	fire
It 's the only profession where you do n't want any training , and these law books are as _ as the Mishna the old man used to make me study .	books	dry	Mishna
But if he is as _ as all that , how could he have written the letter .	he	ignorant	all
This is almost as _ as Karlkammer .	This	funny	Karlkammer
Socialism is at least as _ as Shakspeare .	Socialism	important	Shakspeare
Well , you 're almost as _ as my father , who found every thing in the Talmud .	you	bad	father
Indifference is the only infidelity I recognize , and it is unfortunately as _ as zeal .	it	conservative	zeal
The place is as _ as gold , .	place	good	gold
The blackberry picking was as _ as the strawberry , and , being cultivated on the low bushes that seldom required us to stoop , was not such a tedious occupation as the latter , whose vines were often half buried in the soil .	picking	lucrative	latter
Pieces of heavy wood , that would have cut off a man 's feet as _ as a knife , slid across the deck from side to side .	that	clean	knife
Such was the state of feeling in the Farmhouse , although the caretaker , time after time , almost daily , reiterated the remark that one man was as _ as another , and that no distinction was made between the two classes .	man	good	another
In Holland , it has even been as _ as two per cent .	it	low	cent
These two elements meet and combine , and it is as _ as daylight , that between the supply and demand of labour , and between the supply and demand of wages , the relation is in no way changed .	it	clear	daylight
What reason have you to suppose that if gold were suddenly to become as _ as silver , it would not require as much of one as of the other to buy a house .	gold	abundant	other
An honest legislator has formed a people where probity has appeared as _ as bravery among the Spartans .	probity	natural	bravery
Thawing snow when beaten hard is as _ as ice , but the animals kept their feet and the mass began to move .	snow	slippery	ice
After all , it was as _ as the shack , and he reflected with some amusement that Festing probably did not expect him to be punctual .	it	warm	shack
The Indian squaw uses it to wash her linen , and the wood , exposed to the double action of air and water , becomes as _ as cement .	wood	hard	cement
His small black eyes are as _ as steel , and gave me an impression that it would not be agreeable to have him for an enemy .	eyes	bright	steel
When , therefore , a dry season killed off as _ as ten thousand sheep on a single ranch , there was no alternative but to bow to the inevitable .	season	many	sheep
and large factories , like those of the Liebig Company at Fray Bentos , provide a market as _ as the freezing .	factories	good	freezing
Our spies report as _ as eighty thousand , Highness .	spies	many	thousand
The numerals were as _ as the day he had written them .	numerals	bold	day
For Hindus it is just as _ as the other two aims .	it	essential	aims
You were as _ as a Portuguese Jesuit then , before Kali and Kamala got their painted fingernails into you .	You	stiff	Jesuit
The sails of a racer were twice as _ as those of a cruiser , and to keep her right side up under her great spread of silk or linen the crew would .	sails	large	those
They are as _ as a man 's head with the husk , and you cut the top off with a machete , and drink the delicious water , cool and sweet .	They	large	head
They be as _ as a bag of ninepins , ' explained Cripplestraw in continuation .	They	loose	bag
Dear me , I thought my house was as _ as a church .	house	quiet	church
and they were as _ as relations at the reading of a will .	they	silent	relations
We shall have 'em here this month as _ as a gun .	We	sure	gun
She 's as _ as a mouse , ma'am .	She	timid	mouse
Garland proposed that they should sing psalms which , by choosing lively tunes and not thinking of the words , would be almost as _ as ballads .	psalms	good	ballads
The bed in that room always was as _ as the Rock of Gibraltar .	bed	hard	Rock
There was no other gate , and the highway soon became as _ as a bowstring .	highway	straight	bowstring
major 's face became as _ as sunset , and he turned to the window to hide his confusion .	face	red	sunset
The king 's head is to be as _ as our mill .	head	big	mill
The Countess did not care a straw for titles , for she had lived in a world where they are as _ as figs in August .	world	plentiful	figs
You are as _ as a sheet , .	You	white	sheet
You are as _ as a sheet and as thin as a skeleton .	You	pale	skeleton
Lamberti was as _ as a man trained for a race , and the cords stood out on his throat when he spoke , but nothing seemed to tire him .	Lamberti	lean	man
Yet , properly tanned , it would make admirable leather , for it is as _ as kid .	it	soft	kid
we all know we 're as _ as sin .	we	common	sin
My name is as _ as the glory of God .	name	old	glory
I declined to have any dealings with them , and their agent went away as _ as a hornet , even threatening that he .	agent	mad	hornet
He shook hands with me , Rob , and said he was as _ as pie about it .	he	pleased	pie
He told them he was as _ as a wolf , and would make up for what Hiram failed to dispose of , so that the company should not get too rich off what they paid into its coffers .	he	hungry	wolf
it seems queer for a fellow who aspires to be a bold air pilot some of these fine days , and who has even been up several times as _ as three thousand feet , to be shivering with fear now , when at the most we .	who	high	feet
They had been together so much of recent years that they were as _ as peas in a pod .	they	thick	peas
but the rest of us will be as _ as hops if he pulls the thing off without giving us a chance to see the fun .	rest	mad	hops
Why , I feel as _ as a daisy , whatever that can mean .	I	fresh	daisy
Hiram was looking as _ as a fox as he strained his ears to catch every syllable that the air .	Hiram	sharp	fox
It would only give them a new stab to be told that Jared was as _ as ever , and do no good .	Jared	bad	ever
Since , then , we are to enjoy goods so great , let us join ourselves to that company which is as _ as the sun , and let us not weep for those who depart hence , but for those who make a bad end .	company	bright	sun
They had drifted helplessly up Wellington Channel as _ as the point .	They	high	point
I suppose he is as _ as a rat .	he	poor	rat
Evening had fallen before we reached our destination , but so clear and bright with moon and stars that distant objects were as _ as by day .	objects	visible	day
That your heart was as _ as your head .	heart	sound	head
You know , Randal , that there is but one woman in the world I can ever think of , and I love her so devotedly , that , though I was as _ as most men before , I really feel as if the rest of her sex had lost every charm .	I	gay	men
Hence the ambitious colored youth , many of whom are as _ as their white neighbors , turn hopefully to the .	many	fair	neighbors
and in many of their religious rites and ideas , I think they are quite as _ as the Christian sects of the day .	they	consistent	sects
and the diamond in each one is as _ as the end of a man 's thumb .	diamond	large	end
we were as _ as children , ever intent upon discovering what secrets it might hold .	we	curious	children
it was as _ as the squaring of the circle .	it	bad	squaring
but he LOOKS as _ as Endymion .	he	beautiful	Endymion
He 's as _ as a lamb , never quarrels , never whines , never alludes to his lost fortune , and is never put out .	He	sweet	lamb
back was a far from complete institution , and that the forward line of a football team , like a chain , was as _ as its weakest unit , and no stronger .	line	strong	unit
I knew long enough ago that it was as _ as the beard of that ugly Swede who tried to shoot me .	it	red	beard
The determined energy with which the advance was made was as _ as the noise of the battle .	energy	great	noise
Puss is only a dumb creature , ' she said by way of excuse , ' but she is as _ as many Christians , and a good deal kinder than your stepfather .	she	faithful	Christians
and so , rich and poor , high and low , one person is about as _ as another in Our Street .	person	happy	another
and the form was fully as _ as that of a well .	form	large	that
The Blunderer glanced at the sceptre , the jewelled ball of which was nearly as _ as his head .	ball	large	head
But they seemed as _ as bees in a hive , and appeared to be happy and contented .	they	busy	bees
Its success is as _ as its delicacy , .	success	apparent	delicacy
He saw a little beer garden , and stopped to see if the beer of Athens were as _ as its air .	beer	refreshing	air
cut lips seen through the waves of dark beard and moustache as _ as a sage .	lips	benign	sage
We are as _ as the Parnellistoi over in London , .	We	good	Parnellistoi
The people are as _ as their landscape .	people	simple	landscape
Laughter with them was as _ as anger , and both held their pulses in complete subjection .	Laughter	rare	anger
Dragonnis is as _ as his colleague .	Dragonnis	bad	colleague
The men and women in Athens speak bad Greek , though there is no reason why their speech should not be as _ as Plutarch .	reason	pure	Plutarch
I had much to do to keep the tears of acute disappointment from my eyes , and depression settled upon me as _ as the impenetrable vapours outside .	depression	heavy	vapours
The revolt of her body was as _ as that of her soul .	revolt	fierce	that
fen could be as _ as a dove .	fen	gentle	dove
but her words sounded as _ as stone , when he said , .	words	hard	stone
I am as _ as a bear .	I	hungry	bear
When you are as _ as ditch .	you	dull	ditch
s all as _ as daylight , and time will show it to be only too true .	s	clear	daylight
We are not as _ as dogs to her .	We	good	dogs
The thriftiness of the Normans is as _ as their obstinacy and craft .	thriftiness	proverbial	obstinacy
Dressed in full riding costume and mounted on a blooded horse , she swung along as _ as a lark .	she	graceful	lark
If you were to consult this map I have here you would find the island of Brazil indicated by a circle which is nearly as _ as Ireland , yet if you were to cruise all over the waters in the vicinity of this supposed island you would find only the restless old ocean .	circle	large	Ireland
and the distance from Ostend to Dover , and other British coast towns , is not as _ as from the British coast to Heligoland .	distance	great	coast
a miss is as _ as a mile , you know .	miss	good	mile
but I can say that it is fully as _ as that of your fastest battleship .	it	great	that
The tulip mania had its day , but the weakness of average humanity for this bulb is as _ as history .	weakness	old	history
I found them about as _ as curtains , and much more pretty and durable .	I	cheap	curtains
It was almost as _ as mine .	It	long	mine
yet the author is , after all , an extremely concrete personage , who strives as _ as anyone for his living , and whose reward is seldom commensurate with his efforts .	who	hard	anyone
they are richly colored , and their meat is as _ as that of a ripe peach .	meat	firm	that
The first critical edition of his works , by Marcus Valerius Probus , appeared as _ as the time of Nero .	edition	early	time
The line of translators , imitators , and enthusiasts in France is as _ as that of other countries .	line	numerous	that
speaking countries has been as _ as elsewhere in scholarship , with the possible exception of Germany .	countries	fruitful	elsewhere
nd the rhyme is as _ as a dancer .	rhyme	gay	dancer
However , I am as _ as a lord now , and return to Cambridge this week .	I	fit	lord
Goodness is as _ as any disease .	Goodness	infectious	disease
The space below the bunks as _ as coal , Gleams upon chests , upon the unlit lamp , The ranging door .	space	black	coal
but the effect was as _ as a cure at Lourdes .	effect	magical	cure
flowing Columbia was hanging from my hand as _ as a coupling .	Columbia	rigid	coupling
The whole place was as _ as a Dutch kitchen .	place	clean	kitchen
While it lasted , the bombardment was as _ as the first one .	bombardment	fierce	one
smoking shops in China may be counted by hundreds and thousands , because China is as _ as Europe , and more populous .	China	large	Europe
Her mind was as _ as her heart and hand .	mind	liberal	heart
you are as _ as your father .	you	bad	father
That Byron knew his own guilt well , and judged himself severely , may be gathered from passages in this poem , which are as _ as human language can be made .	passages	powerful	language
II THE HIGHWAY OF THE WATERS There is no doubt that the use of sails for propelling boats is as _ as civilization itself .	use	old	civilization
screws had not proved as _ as a single screw in developing speed .	screws	efficient	screw
for when the fact became known in the United States , the Americans were naturally as _ as the British in protesting against Fulton and his boats .	Americans	vigorous	British
The king and court were as _ as the savants and the populace , and an order was sent at once by his Majesty , bidding the brothers bring their balloon to the city .	king	interested	savants
she was as _ as a lion and as cunning as a serpent , and the people of Oca .	she	brave	serpent
What arguments he employed we know not , but he was as _ as Ferdinand himself , and probably we shall not be far from the truth when we presume that he and his master agreed that , since the Queen was so bent upon the affair , it would be folly to haggle further over terms , which , after all , if they were found inconvenient , could be repudiated by the sovereigns , and it is probable that Isabel may have been influenced by the same view .	he	astute	Ferdinand
eyewitnesses say as _ as in youth .	eyewitnesses	beautiful	youth
s beauty was as _ as her life .	beauty	necessary	life
She was as _ as an angel , weighed down but uncomplaining , by a .	She	beautiful	angel
his ankles and knees swell again , his eyes bag , the lids are as _ as scarlet , and the rest of his face a greenish yellow .	lids	red	scarlet
As to Court factions , her Majesty is now as _ as ever , and the Cardinal of Toledo , who carried everything before him two months ago , now dares hardly to open his mouth .	Majesty	high	ever
The pencil was found where the writing ended , and in the case of the line cited just above , the mark on the slate was just about as _ as the rubbed part of the pencil .	mark	wide	part
called heart of steel Becomes as _ as wax when he Detects the words .	heart	soft	wax
cloths , and they were as _ as large rooms .	they	spacious	rooms
The downpour had lasted indeed not more than seven hours , but it was as _ as if a cloud .	it	tremendous	cloud
The face of this head was dried up and almost black , while the hair on the skull and the chin was as _ as milk .	hair	white	milk
Her little head was as _ as her hands .	head	cold	hands
The glowing coals , having caused the fall of layers of decayed wood , cleaned out the interior splendidly , and its appearance delighted Stas , for it was as _ as a large room and could have given shelter not merely to four persons , but to ten men .	appearance	wide	room
But when clouds covered the starry heaven and the rain began to fall it became very dusky and the interior of the baobab tree was as _ as in a cellar .	interior	dark	cellar
the security is perfect , the provisions are abundant , and the place is as _ as Paradise .	place	beautiful	Paradise
glass until it became as _ as a butterfly , a little speck , and until finally it dissolved in the pale azure of the sky .	it	small	butterfly
Stas distinctly saw his green eyes fastened upon the little maid 's face , which was as _ as chalk , his narrow head with flattened ears , his shoulder .	face	white	chalk
The boy , with compassion and with fear , now gazed at her little hands , which became as _ as paper , and bitterly reproached himself because , having lost so much time in the preparation and in drilling the negroes to shoot , he had exposed her to a journey in a season of the year so parching .	which	white	paper
Before nightfall they again entered upon a region grilled by the sun , in which not even acacias grew , and the ground in some places was as _ as a threshing .	ground	bare	threshing
Clad only in a night shirt , Crellin said the water and air were as _ as winter , chilling all hands to the bone .	water	cold	winter
boats are equipped with air tanks to prevent sinking , with the result that metal boats are as _ as wooden ones .	boats	unsinkable	ones
They travelled as _ as day .	They	long	day
I am as _ as yourself of the tormenting pain you endure .	I	sensible	yourself
and you know that a company of women without men is as _ as a company of men without women .	company	melancholy	company
As I perceived her coming , I crept to the egg , so that I had before me one of the legs of the bird , which was as _ as the trunk of a tree .	which	big	trunk
teeth were very long and sharp , and stood out of his mouth , which was as _ as that of a horse .	mouth	deep	that
The skin of a serpent , whose scales were as _ as an ordinary piece of gold , and had the virtue to preserve from sickness those who lay upon it .	serpent	large	piece
back called to the cat , he clapped his hands to drive her away , but instead of retreating , she stood upon her hinder feet , staring with her eyes like fire , looking fiercely at him , mewing louder than she did at first , and increasing in size till she was as _ as an ass .	she	large	ass
His surprise was as _ as theirs , when he found himself at the gate of a city where he had never been before , and encompassed by a crowd of people gazing at him .	surprise	great	theirs
She was as _ as her promise , and returning to the jeweller , told him that her mistress would not fail to keep the appointment in the evening .	She	diligent	promise
Dost thou think I am as _ as thyself , and capable of breaking the solemn oath I have made .	I	perfidious	thyself
Her forehead is as _ as the best polished mirror , and admirably formed .	forehead	smooth	mirror
and finding by what his mother had said to him that she was altogether as _ as queen Haiatalnefous , he went to his brother , to chide him for not communicating the hated secret to him , and to mingle his own sorrow with his .	she	criminal	Haiatalnefous
and heaven , who knows with what reluctance I have made this proposal which induces you to think so hardly of me , is my witness , that mine is as _ as yours .	mine	great	yours
Four hundred of the sultan 's young pages carried flambeaux on each side , which , together with the illuminations of the sultan 's and Alla ad Deen 's palaces , made it as _ as day .	sultan	light	day
But I was too far off to hear their discourse , which must have been as _ as their meal , the remembrance of which still makes me shudder .	discourse	strange	meal
Her face became as _ as scarlet , her eyes ready to start out of her head , and she foamed with passion .	face	red	scarlet
and I dare say , without presuming too much upon myself , that a considerably less sum would be sufficient to make me not only as _ as the first of our trade , but that in time I should be richer than all of them in this city together , though Bagdad is so large and populous .	me	rich	first
there they both sat down in a balcony , which afforded a most agreeable prospect into the palace garden , which prince Firoze Shaw admired for the vast variety of flowers , shrubs , and trees , which were full as _ as those of Persia , but quite different .	which	beautiful	those
let us see if your tastes are as _ as mine .	tastes	good	mine
brows were as _ as snow , as was also the hair of his head .	brows	white	snow
whoever attacks me , I am well armed , and can say I am as _ as any one .	I	brave	one
pit , so that my offspring will smell as _ as that of a syed .	offspring	sweet	that
Formerly , O mighty sultan , was a schoolmaster , and had under my tuition nearly seventy scholars , of whose manners I was as _ as of their learning .	I	careful	learning
some contained as _ as sixty to seventy persons living in a cluster of huts surrounding the father 's house .	some	many	persons
percent in villages , despite the fact , he commented , that the rural population was three times as _ as that of the cities .	population	large	that
import ratio was not as _ as that called for by the plan .	ratio	favorable	that
Mr Taylor continued his inquiries among the natives , who informed him that the moa was quite as _ as a horse .	moa	large	horse
The apteryx is about as _ as a turkey , standing two feet in height .	apteryx	big	turkey
and the shipmasters soon found that this bold boy was as _ as a pilot any day , and if they followed his directions they would always have water enough under the keel .	boy	good	pilot
In America , under a republican form of government , he was as _ as any man , provided only he were worthy .	he	good	man
the public resort and lounge , where the clatter of feminine gossip was about as _ as the flow and sparkle of its waters .	resort	constant	flow
From these summits , which were then twice as _ as at present , cubes and lozenges of granite , and basalt , and quartz in some countries , and of marble and flints in others , descended gradually into the valleys , and were rolled together in the beds of rivers , .	summits	high	present
Although not so important for the amount of forces engaged , the victory of Gravelines was as _ as that of St.	victory	complete	that
In religion she was as _ as Philip the Second could desire .	she	orthodox	Philip
which began as _ as May .	which	early	May
The method and discipline , if I may so say , in the movements of the iconoclasts , were as _ as their celerity .	method	extraordinary	celerity
The haughty soldier , in his contempt for the peaceful habits of a burgher population , comprehended as _ as his master the true character of the men of the Netherlands .	soldier	little	master
it appears that the number of Flemings was as _ as that of all other foreigners put together .	number	large	that
They must have been as _ as crocodiles ' tears .	They	big	tears
I knew that the water would be as _ as ice .	water	cold	ice
said she , in a voice that was as _ as the tinkle of a bell .	that	sweet	tinkle
Indeed , I could already write as _ as sixty words a minute with perfect ease .	I	many	words
His moustache and imperial were as _ as snow .	moustache	white	snow
Their opinions on these matters were as _ as the poles .	opinions	separate	poles
we are plain people out here , where every man is as _ as every other man .	people	good	man
His face was as _ as ever when he turned my way once more .	face	hard	ever
Is it as _ as that , George .	it	serious	that
they are as _ as fish in the sea .	they	plenty	fish
Ponto stalked home as _ as a king , laid the package at his mistress 's feet , and waited , with a delighted , expressive wag , for her approval .	Ponto	proud	king
But you are still as _ as ever of being an American , and as proud of your Stripes and Stars .	you	proud	ever
you bet , Joe , while we 're as _ as bears , .	we	hungry	bears
The rest of their voyage was as _ as that of the first day had been , and spent in a similar manner .	rest	delightful	that
Why , here are the Thunders of Sinai uttered as _ as ever , from the very foot of the Cross of Christ .	Thunders	loud	ever
They were a bad people , and , perhaps , she had been as _ as the rest .	she	bad	rest
And yet they are just as _ as the rest .	they	beautiful	rest
He , and He only , to whom the night is as _ as the day , to whom the darkness and the light are both alike .	night	clear	day
eyed , sunny itself , and bringing sunshine wherever it comes , because it is inspired by the gracious spirit of God , and delights to show kindness for kindness ' sake , and to make happy for happiness ' sake , taking no merit to itself for doing that , which is as _ as its very breath .	that	instinctive	breath
For so only will he come to the day 's end in that wholesome and manful temper , contented if not cheerful , satisfied with the work he has had to do , if not satisfied with the way in which he has done it , which will leave his mind free to remember all his comforts , all his blessings , even to those commonest of all blessings , which we are all too apt to forget , just because they are as _ as the air we breathe .	they	necessary	air
then the dry fuel caught at once , and a bright hot flame shot upwards in a blaze as _ as their heads , and in its light they saw each other 's eyes .	flame	high	heads
There was not a glimmer of light in the sky now , and the tops of the trees were as _ as their trunks , being lost in the mass of clouds that hung low over the woods , the clearing , and the river .	tops	invisible	trunks
she and her son were as _ as difference of age and sex could permit of likeness .	she	like	difference
day , and all at the Abbey are as _ as a hive of bees .	day	busy	hive
whose bite was in no wise as _ as his bark .	bite	formidable	bark
But it did n't pay a bit of attention , butted at them so fierce when they came near they were afraid , for he was as _ as a calf , and whoever saw a pig as big as that .	he	tall	that
life had left him as _ as dough beside these lean , iron .	life	soft	dough
sawing profitable , he thought whimsically that he was as _ as married already , that he was doing just what was done by all the husbands he knew .	he	good	married
I still do n't see that Eugenia is n't just as _ as Eug .	Eugenia	good	Eug
Here again was something in that baffling other dimension , and this time though she understood it as _ as ever , Marise did not like it at all .	she	little	ever
Her letters are as _ as a comic paper , .	letters	good	paper
Yes , I often feel as _ as the stones , .	I	ancient	stones
And look , even Tolstoi was just as _ as the rest .	Tolstoi	bad	rest
Oh , well , it 's as _ as a laundress can do nowadays , I dare say , .	it	good	laundress
Daniel Boone worked as _ as anyone .	Boone	hard	anyone
though a risk , was as _ as most things , and he would risk it .	risk	safe	things
When it comes to music I am as _ as houses , and I assure you , Tibby , I am by no means pleased by everything .	I	safe	houses
He was not as _ as the average rich man , nor as intelligent , nor as healthy , nor as lovable .	He	courteous	lovable
It will be as _ as eating , .	It	easy	eating
I ca n't have my girl looking as _ as her husband .	girl	old	husband
I am as _ as any man alive , I hope .	I	scrupulous	man
and if their statements about the other worlds are as _ as about this , no one can estimate the value of their information .	statements	true	this
Protestants were as _ as Catholics , and in Geneva five hundred witches were burned at the stake in a period of three months .	Protestants	active	Catholics
Some are as _ as the skins of wild beasts , and others glisten and glitter like silk and gold .	Some	rude	skins
They found that death was as _ as life .	death	natural	life
If these people are as _ as their name , they must be an unpleasant enemy .	people	terrible	name
the quiet , polite battle that is as _ as capital itself .	battle	old	capital
Lady Horsingham will be as _ as the poker , and about as communicative .	Horsingham	stiff	communicative
but her lip was as _ as ashes while she spoke .	lip	white	ashes
But I did not find it as _ as usual , though I was more rejoiced than ever when the hand .	I	dull	usual
Horsingham was as _ as a cucumber , and the only thing that seemed to annoy him was a possibility that the cause of his .	Horsingham	cool	cucumber
I felt quite glad Frank Lovell was as _ as married , and out of the way .	Lovell	good	married
and , of course , to say the least , his loss was as _ as yours .	loss	great	yours
the functions and authority of the officials were as _ as anything , even in law , possibly could be .	functions	uncertain	anything
About the celestial spheres he was as _ as all the rest of the philosophers .	he	ignorant	rest
If you work , you will be as _ as other men .	you	happy	men
This does , it is true , suppose a hundred thousand persons , at least , in that village , but should the doctor forget that the Lord had promised Abraham that his posterity should be as _ as the sands of the sea .	posterity	numerous	sands
Her hands were as _ as her lips .	hands	purple	lips
But when , one easterly afternoon , the air being as _ as the clods of the grave , she lay gasping for life for three hours alone , not able to reach a bell or call for help , she sent for Dr.	air	heavy	clods
She must remember that the yacht was as _ as a Cunarder .	yacht	safe	Cunarder
His face was almost as _ as Jean 's .	face	white	Jean
I regret nothing and I am as _ as a king .	I	happy	king
The temperature of the land is as _ as its surface .	temperature	varying	surface
continent , is nearly as _ as Europe .	continent	large	Europe
I had been as _ as those scaly logicians , I should never have swallowed that hook , which .	I	syllogistic	logicians
And Marian 's disposition was as _ as her face , her mind that of a refined gentlewoman .	disposition	sweet	face
and any friend of mine will be as _ as a heavy rain would have been here a month ago .	friend	welcome	rain
Their method of receiving it was as _ as their characters .	method	divergent	characters
I can be as _ as any one living , man or woman .	I	cool	living
Her nerves were as _ as those of her male companion himself .	nerves	firm	those
Renshaw , I believe you can be as _ as the grave .	you	secret	grave
He had as _ as heard from her own lips that her affections were bound up with another , and who that other was his perceptions left him no room for doubt .	He	good	heard
So your faith in this Sindbad valley is as _ as ever , is it , Renshaw .	faith	strong	ever
He was as _ as his word .	He	good	word
Why , they 're as _ as two peas .	they	like	peas
Mrs Selwood 's indignation at the disclosure was as _ as that of her husband , but the method by which that disclosure had come about , womanlike , she dismissed as a comparative trifle .	indignation	great	trifle
I rode out upon it when the Buttes , in their delusive nearness , were as _ as the gates of amethyst , and the morning was as fair as one great pearl .	Buttes	blue	pearl
it was as _ as the piping of birds at daybreak .	it	sweet	piping
Burke was as _ as his word .	Burke	good	word
You are as _ as the devil , that 's what I think .	You	selfish	devil
and the worst of it is , you look as _ as other folks .	you	white	folks
her face had become as _ as a snowdrop .	face	white	snowdrop
All her skin , though dark , was as _ as wine in a colored glass .	skin	clear	wine
The horses in their free impatience were as _ as lords .	horses	unconscious	lords
Once he had walked these same streets with his head as _ as any man 's .	he	high	man
It was about as _ as his thumb , and somewhat pointed at the ends .	It	big	thumb
My days are as _ as those reserved by God for his elect .	days	happy	those
the perceptions of our mind are as _ as those of our vision .	perceptions	obscure	those
and we were delighted when , in our early acquaintance , we discovered that we each loved the same spot , which is indeed as _ as any that ever captivated the fancy of an artist .	spot	romantic	any
It 's a fraud that 's as _ as the world , .	that	old	world
but none was as _ as that of the Seven .	none	small	that
And it is just as _ as the rest .	it	good	rest
And ' yes ' is just as _ as ' no .	yes	good	no
You are already as _ as bound .	You	good	bound
but you are as _ as David .	you	mysterious	David
replied Jen , who was as _ as a mule on some points .	Jen	obstinate	mule
If her explanation is only as _ as your own , I shall have nothing to say .	explanation	clear	own
Oh , it is as _ as day to me , .	it	plain	day
But I am as _ as Battersea , and can put two and two together .	I	clever	Battersea
The sky seemed as _ as midnight , except when the vivid sheets of lightning glared and shot across it .	sky	black	midnight
Why do we stop here , ' roared the captain , ' when it is as _ as Egypt .	it	dark	Egypt
We became as _ as statues .	We	immobile	statues
After all these years , and after the fir tree had lived three hundred and eighty years , the sections of the Big Tree still lay upon the ground , apparently as _ as the day the tree fell .	tree	sound	day
Yet a glassful is as _ as the clearest .	glassful	clear	clearest
famed Estes Park region , even the dullest traveler is thrilled with the first glimpse , and those who frequently behold it find the scene as _ as a favorite old song .	it	welcome	song
It may be as _ as an average steamship .	It	small	steamship
The trail is as _ as the hills .	trail	old	hills
Imogene and I were as _ as images at table .	Imogene	mute	images
It was as _ as night .	It	black	night
and anyway the three would be as _ as one , let the manner of our escape be what it would .	three	good	one
sounds of its discharge , the stillness on board would have been as _ as the hush upon the land .	sounds	deep	hush
morrow night may be as _ as this that approaches , and with a later moon too .	night	reposeful	this
It looked as _ as anything on Fift ' Avenoo .	It	good	anything
He 's as _ as a child , .	He	quiet	child
You let her be , and you 're as _ as th ' Rock of Ages .	you	safe	Rock
Their contents were as _ as the rain .	contents	unexciting	rain
And there was seventy thousand pounds a year , and there was Ann , who looked as _ as a baby , .	who	soft	baby
Mony a day ma legs is nigh as _ as Susan 's .	legs	bad	Susan
The pair of us 'll come back here as _ as Burrill and Pearson .	pair	suitable	Burrill
But whatever she does , is right , and this is as _ as everything else .	this	right	everything
A thin chap nivver looks as _ as a fat un .	nivver	common	un
though you were as _ as hops .	you	mad	hops
Her voice was as _ as her mother 's , but steadier .	voice	low	mother
It was obvious that she was as _ as a babe of the details of Palliser 's extraordinary story .	she	ignorant	babe
And if I had to wait until I was as _ as grandmother I 'd wait .	I	old	grandmother
An awkward , unscientific lie is often as _ as the truth .	lie	ineffectual	truth
As they were Belgians their calculations were as _ as their glances .	calculations	rapid	glances
but , when he tried to catch it , he found that it was as _ as the club of Hercules .	it	heavy	club
her skin , which is as _ as the calyx of a white camelia , is streaked with the purple of the red camelia .	skin	fresh	calyx
These characteristics taken at random from among a thousand others are not found amongst those beings whose hands are as _ as those of apes and their skin tanned like the ancient parchments of an .	beings	black	those
We would , however , make the remark that these nine million female pariahs produce here and there a thousand peasant girls who from peculiar circumstances are as _ as Cupids .	girls	fair	Cupids
Your wig is as _ as dog 's tooth grass .	wig	scraggy	grass
but this kind of woman is as _ as happiness itself .	kind	rare	happiness
since the return to virtue of a woman , whose foot has already left some tracks upon the sweet and gilded sand which mark the pathway of vice , is the most difficult to bring about of all denouements , and since genius neither knows it nor teaches it , the practitioner in conjugal laws feels compelled to confess at the outset that he is incapable of reducing to definite principles a science which is as _ as circumstances , as delusive as opportunity , and as indefinable as instinct .	science	changeable	instinct
Once women arrive at a point when they willfully deceive , their countenances become as _ as vacancy .	countenances	inscrutable	vacancy
A woman in a case like this is as _ as a devil coming to claim a soul he has purchased .	woman	exact	devil
they are as _ as coppers .	they	common	coppers
She is as _ as the sail of the treasure .	She	white	sail
You 'll make me think that men are as _ as women .	men	vain	women
He is as _ as marble , as particular as an old bachelor , as communicative as a sentinel .	He	cold	sentinel
but read these two letters which lately passed between two girls differently married , and you will see that it was as _ as the narrative by which every true melodrama was until lately expected to open .	it	necessary	narrative
Monsieur de Lustrac is as _ as a king , but gallant and pretentious , spite of his jet black wig .	Lustrac	selfish	king
she is as _ as opium , has a good deal of leg and not much body , gummy eyes , and a tournure to match .	she	brown	opium
This has happened very appropriately , for I 'm as _ as two bears .	I	hungry	bears
Now , if the perpendicular ascent of the weight , and the space through which he advances , be compared , he will find , that the space through which he has passed will be five times as _ as that through which the weight has ascended .	space	great	that
Mere artists are commonly as _ as mere artificers , and these are little more than machines .	artists	stupid	artificers
asked why she was as _ as the trees when she was far from them .	she	tall	trees
that 's as _ as usury .	that	old	usury
Her taste in dress was as _ as in literature and art .	taste	unerring	literature
Triggs was as _ as daylight , and a remarkable likeness .	Triggs	clear	daylight
Some of the iron of Russia is at least as _ as the best Swedish , particularly what is called old sable iron .	Some	good	Swedish
What with the terrific storm which lit up the landscape as _ as day , and the newly .	which	light	day
Even if there was a gale outside , the ship was as _ as a church .	ship	steady	church
A lighthouse crowned the Point , with a flag staff from which a Union Jack stood out in the wind as _ as a board .	Jack	stiff	board
Captain Frank Perry came along as _ as a morning in June .	Perry	cheerful	morning
It was as _ as a Sunday at home , but we were reminded of the war by the trenches running through the fields .	It	peaceful	Sunday
He was as _ as a cucumber .	He	cool	cucumber
All the other roads are covered with macadam made out of black whinstone that is as _ as iron .	that	hard	iron
The Gardens with their lichened balustrades and staircases are perhaps as _ as any in our country .	Gardens	famous	any
the yews , which must be almost as _ as the house itself , seem to diffuse a pleasant calm .	yews	old	house
Many reprobate the use of wine , I know , but that is an extreme way to look at it , for it is as _ as man , and so not to be criticised as if the fashion were new .	it	old	man
You tremble , and your face is as _ as death .	face	pale	death
They was as _ as day to me .	They	plain	day
only I have to get the blood into my legs and arms again before I can do anything , for they are as _ as ramrods .	they	stiff	ramrods
Saying which , he took one of the logs we had displaced , and with it drove a hole through the roof as _ as a barrel .	it	big	barrel
gray mare is as _ as a lamb , and will carry you like the wind .	mare	gentle	lamb
Every one urged him to , but he said he was as _ as Burke .	he	bad	Burke
though they are as _ as the portals of the infernal regions .	they	gloomy	portals
I am sure he looks as _ as any one here .	he	happy	one
At this I felt as _ as new , and thus we floated on past the bend in the river , and out of sight .	I	good	new
Oh , Snuffe is as _ as any , and the family will be a power in the land some day .	Snuffe	good	any
s nomination at Chippinge was as _ as an order on the Bank of England .	nomination	good	order
He was almost as _ as his word , for less than a minute later he threw down the pen , and rose .	He	good	word
It is as _ as the two eyes in the face .	It	plain	eyes
Yet , when he rose on the morning after his arrival at Bristol , his heart was not as _ as a feather .	heart	light	feather
To think that in Bristol , where pretty girls are as _ as mushrooms in March , there should be such an angel .	girls	scarce	mushrooms
s brow was as _ as thunder .	brow	black	thunder
now on what she , whose nature , he was sure , was as _ as her face , would think of him , if she knew .	she	perfect	face
tenths of those below were as _ as the voters at his elbow , who were presently to return two members for Chippinge .	tenths	good	voters
s not silly to call you an angel , for I swear you are as _ as one .	you	beautiful	one
and for Mary he was sure that he filled the landscape were it as _ as that which , west of Newbury , reveals to the admiring traveller the whole wide vale of the Kennet .	it	wide	that
And Vermuyden was as _ as a poker .	Vermuyden	stiff	poker
Is it really as _ as that , Mr.	it	serious	that
Think what may happen after dark , if they are as _ as this in daylight .	they	bad	this
and although it has been as _ as the Jewish people , compelled to wander from one country to another , it has still succeeded in preserving certain prime qualities and characteristics which entitle it to bear the proud name of national literature .	it	restless	people
One thing is as _ as day .	thing	clear	day
caution may be as _ as impatience , .	caution	fatal	impatience
Ellerey may find his hands fuller than he expects , if the Baron 's weapon is as _ as his tongue .	weapon	ready	tongue
It was as _ as the first , nor was it made with such determination .	It	unsuccessful	first
Now if I can only see Ellerey as _ as this brute , I can laugh at them all .	I	silent	brute
s nothing to worry about now , you will be as _ as ever in a day or two .	you	fine	ever
She was as _ as a little mule .	She	headstrong	mule
m sure she was as _ as a musical comedy .	she	good	comedy
If my reasons for coming were only as _ as madame .	reasons	good	madame
She was as _ as sumptuous in her nature .	She	broad	sumptuous
and if he was not , as _ as droll .	he	pathetic	droll
A villa might be as _ as a large village , but all its members were under the absolute control of the proprietor of the estate .	villa	extensive	village
Benedict is as _ as any constitution that was ever drawn up for a state .	Benedict	important	constitution
In short , the duties of the bishop were as _ as those of the medi .	duties	manifold	those
Scholars began as _ as the year .	Scholars	early	year
Nevertheless his very first victory , the battle of Agincourt , was as _ as that of Cr .	victory	brilliant	that
There were many cities , like Nuremberg , Augsburg , Frankfort , and Cologne , which were just as _ as the great duchies of Bavaria , W.	Nuremberg	independent	duchies
Modena , and the Papal States , to get rid of the existing despotism was quite as _ as the revolution of .	Modena	futile	revolution
The lace , paper , and linen industries were as _ as destroyed .	industries	good	destroyed
She was just as _ as Davy , and more efficient .	She	willing	Davy
Sure , and she do be in a mighty hurry to make up the old quarrel , and secure Rhys , and Owen do be as _ as his girl .	hurry	bad	girl
Robert Jones was as _ as his word .	Jones	good	word
Proximity to Robert Jones ' premises was as _ as a modern advertisement to both young builders .	Proximity	good	advertisement
persons whose outbreaks of temper , or of wounded feeling still worse than temper , were as _ as meteoric showers .	outbreaks	incalculable	showers
III The man sat for a long time looking at the pale , shining face , at the blue veins showing painfully dark on the temples and forehead , at the firm little white hand , which was as _ as a butternut a few weeks before .	which	brown	butternut
The food that to him now is as _ as locusts , shall be to him shortly as acerb as the coloquintida .	food	luscious	coloquintida
No , I will speak as _ as the north .	I	liberal	north
Each of these plates was as _ as the blade of a sword , and was fastened with golden nails .	Each	thick	blade
and they also say that each of them has sixty maidens adorned as _ as could possibly be with many jewels , and rubies and diamonds and pearls and seed .	maidens	richly	jewels
some are like those in Portugal , others are as _ as thrushes .	others	large	thrushes
The line is as _ as that between land and water on a map .	line	distinct	that
for there vanity has no place , and rags are quite as _ as any other style of dress .	rags	honorable	style
No matter , six are just as _ as seven , and seven are just as good as fifty .	six	good	fifty
though an amateur , was about as _ as an accomplished female of the same profession , and would hear no explanation .	amateur	reasonable	female
the logs that were piled upon them were as _ as two men could lift , yet were not large enough for such a night as this .	logs	heavy	this
To look over the wide extent of country with its sparse population , its scattered plantations , its remote towns , and talk of pursuing prisoners would seem as _ as searching for needles in a haystack .	plantations	idle	searching
but to the eyes of Chillicothe and the instinct of the dogs , the two trails were as _ as the crossings of two streets .	trails	plain	crossings
He 's as _ as the day 's long .	He	happy	long
was a very smart fellow , and at first sight nearly as _ as myself .	sight	white	myself
quarters of the way , and the sea was as _ as any duck .	quarters	calm	duck
Barnes muttered , and his face was almost as _ as mine .	face	pale	mine
It was as _ as a man 's chest , roughly cubical in shape .	It	high	chest
He was sometimes abroad as _ as the earliest ploughman .	He	early	ploughman
Her pretty heroine was as _ as a sunbeam .	heroine	clear	sunbeam
even Rachel , who is as _ as a child , in her first genuine and unalarmed outburst of youthful jubilation .	Rachel	wild	child
no one believed that Rachel was really as _ as Louis .	Rachel	old	Louis
four years , with a great many events in them , had enlarged the maiden mind , which still was as _ as a child .	mind	fresh	child
It was a fine December evening , as _ as autumn .	It	mild	autumn
She studied hard , but her brains , in mathematics at least , were n't as _ as her voice , and the time was short .	brains	good	voice
In the middle of the garden , where the shadow of the poplars did not fall , it was almost as _ as day .	it	bright	day
I should have thought that firm was as _ as the Rock of Gibraltar .	firm	steady	Rock
You all know perfectly well that Lige is as _ as the day , if he IS so unfortunate as to have an unprincipled brother .	Lige	honest	day
I do n't care if you 're as _ as Methuselah .	you	old	Methuselah
He 's as _ as an owlet and as stubborn as Solomon 's mule , .	He	stupid	mule
In her white dress and veil she was as _ as a queen .	she	fair	queen
your son will be as _ as in your own hall .	son	safe	hall
and he was as _ as contempt could make a human being .	he	calm	contempt
it is as _ as that I live by bread , and you may have them to dine with you if you please .	it	true	that
Irrigate it and it will support as _ as any other portion of the country .	it	many	portion
Indeed they were almost as _ as Indians .	they	invisible	Indians
The parts of it must be just about as _ as a spider .	parts	thick	spider
So for some time the room remained as _ as a tunnel .	room	silent	tunnel
When it 's as _ as this , I 'll bet you could n't see it fifty yards away .	it	dark	this
It imagined that a people , whose daily sport was carping criticism of their public officials , whose army was hardly as _ as a policeman .	officials	large	policeman
You are as _ as the clouds that roam through heaven .	You	free	clouds
Is he as _ as Tu .	he	powerful	Tu
It was almost as _ as day with the bright tropical moonlight , silvery in the open , pale green in the shadow .	It	clear	day
They are as _ as atheists .	They	bad	atheists
Four , to be exact , while my troubles have been as _ as the grains of sand on the shore .	troubles	countless	grains
AMBASSADOR On my honour , he also had us served with a bird three times as _ as Cleonymus , .	us	large	Cleonymus
Is it as _ as the state of Michigan .	it	large	state
This bridge is as _ as a hair , and only believers can walk it .	bridge	narrow	hair
The palace in which the king 's wives reside is almost as _ as the king 's palace , near which it is located .	palace	beautiful	palace
Had his physique been as _ as his patriotism , his sword might have rivaled his pen in reflecting honor upon his beautiful city .	physique	strong	patriotism
Oh , well , I dare say I 'm as _ as my neighbours , though I say less about it , .	I	thankful	neighbours
Every article made of wood was as _ as soap and sand or as bright as turpentine and wax and much rubbing could make it .	article	white	turpentine
Darwin 's outward eye was as _ as Wordsworth 's .	eye	keen	Wordsworth
For sheer improvising cleverness of rhyme Byron is still unmatched , but he often contents himself with approximate rhymes that are nearly as _ as some of Mrs.	that	bad	some
Now every one of these devices is at least as _ as Isocrates .	one	old	Isocrates
As for the grass , it grew as _ as hair In leprosy .	it	scant	hair
And if they live again , their lives will surely be as _ as ours .	lives	good	ours
We 've all tried him , but he 's as _ as an old fox .	he	cute	fox
In all this there was no direct statement made , but the inferences were almost as _ as though the paper had come out boldly and stated as facts what Mr.	inferences	strong	facts
But I am afraid Captain Padduci , whom we are now going to see , will prove as _ as the rest .	Padduci	disappointing	rest
The wren can soar as _ as the eagle .	wren	high	eagle
The process of despoiling Greater Greece of its art treasures began as _ as the fall of Syracuse in .	process	early	fall
In some of the reliefs Ghiberti put as _ as a hundred figures .	Ghiberti	many	figures
if she was as _ as Robina , anyway .	she	heavy	Robina
They are as _ as the cortege of the undertaker , and wear the same air of slow , funereal barbarism .	They	familiar	cortege
and he was as _ as his word .	he	good	word
Glegg rather warmly , for , though a kind man , he was not as _ as Moses .	he	meek	Moses
In fact her knowledge of , and sympathy with , animals was as _ as that which she showed for human nature .	animals	remarkable	that
and she was as _ as Lewes himself in the creatures , frogs , etc .	she	interested	Lewes
Bryant 's view that an anonymous literary criticism is as _ as an anonymous letter .	criticism	despicable	letter
They were as _ as the authors .	They	eager	authors
They are as _ as the code of honor itself .	They	chivalric	code
and his mental grasp is as _ as his domiciliation .	grasp	wide	domiciliation
In power and violence , however , they are as _ as the cyclones .	they	destructive	cyclones
During the whole of my narration he sat as _ as a statue , evidently committing the whole story to memory , detail by detail .	he	motionless	statue
his nose was as _ as a pen , .	nose	sharp	pen
but I shall squeeze the case as _ as a bone before I let go .	I	dry	bone
They both clear out about six , and when they 're gone the house is as _ as a blown hegg .	house	empty	hegg
First , since a good photograph is practically as _ as the original , when we have the photographs we practically have the cheques for reference .	photograph	good	original
You mean that if Jeffrey was as _ as that , it would have been possible for some person to substitute a false will , which he might sign without noticing the substitution .	Jeffrey	blind	that
She is as _ as steel , and better tempered than either of us .	She	true	steel
God bless you , Joscelyn , though your heart is as _ as flint .	heart	hard	flint
you are as _ as Billy .	you	stupid	Billy
then shall you make yourself as _ as a dream ere it runs to a nightmare .	you	beautiful	dream
All this was as _ as a galvanic shock the moment he had recognized .	this	instantaneous	shock
To be aught but a mockery , immortality must be as _ as the manifold phases of life .	immortality	manifold	phases
she might have been as _ as milk for all she knew .	she	white	milk
sir , ' sighed Peter , ' when I still carried about with me the cold stony heart , I never wept , my eyes were as _ as the ground in July .	eyes	dry	ground
why your neck is as _ as a cabbage .	neck	thin	cabbage
power is as _ as that of muscle .	power	fatiguing	that
If this is no answer to the inquiries , it is at least as _ as most of the replies one gets when seeking for information on this unsatisfactory subject .	it	good	most
The transitions are as _ as those in Pindar , but not so libertine .	transitions	sudden	those
If it were not that I lay up a little provision in summer , like the ant , I should be as _ as all the people I live with .	I	ignorant	people
Now you have a whole summer to yourself , and you are as _ as my Lady Northumberland .	you	junkettaceous	Northumberland
The rain is come indeed , and my grass is as _ as grass .	grass	green	grass
It is as _ as the campaign .	It	languid	campaign
The blaze of lights , the richness and variety of habits , the ceremonial , the benches of peers , and peeresses , frequent and full , was as _ as a pageant can be .	blaze	awful	pageant
Your daughter Richmond , Lady Kildare , and Lady Pembroke were as _ as the Graces .	daughter	handsome	Graces
Our politics , I think , will soon be as _ as our war .	politics	warm	war
for I meaned that the Tories would be just as _ as the Whigs , when they got any thing by it .	Tories	loyal	Whigs
and yet , though they are to rebound again to you , they will be as _ as any you can have at Greatworth .	they	fresh	any
I know my letter sounds as _ as Merlin 's almanack .	letter	enigmatic	almanack
All round his eye is as _ as jet , and besides the scar on his forehead , he has cut his nose at top and bottom .	eye	black	jet
It is well that enmities are as _ as friendships .	enmities	frail	friendships
bench sat as _ as fishes .	bench	mute	fishes
Quin in Falstaff , was as _ as Garrick in Lear .	Quin	excellent	Garrick
Rigby , who was as _ as any man in the ministerial councils , writes to a private friend .	Rigby	deep	man
The fever , the tyrant 's first minister , has been as _ as his master , and makes use of this hot day to plague me more .	fever	vexatious	master
to carry this , have been of great comfort to me , and have brought their delightful little daughter , who is as _ as Ariel .	daughter	quick	Ariel
I am as _ as ink , and must turn Methodist , to fancy that repentance can wash me white again .	I	black	ink
I use a bit of alum half as _ as my nail , Once or twice a.	I	big	nail
This has fortified my teeth , that they are as _ as the pen of Junius .	they	strong	pen
The House of Commons , who are as _ as the county , have again rejected him .	House	obstinate	county
Garrick 's prologues and epilogues are as _ as his Pindarics and pantomimes .	prologues	bad	Pindarics
During the whole of this month the weather continued as _ as at the commencement .	weather	boisterous	commencement
The officers were as _ as to uniformity as the men , and not less picturesque , though more comfortably dressed .	officers	independent	men
He was as _ as death .	He	pale	death
Perhaps when I get accustomed to it I shall care as _ as anyone for it .	I	little	anyone
We were almost as _ as mice in the paws of a cat , for so few men were sent away in each prize that we had scarcely strength to work them , much less to fight or make sail on an emergency .	We	helpless	mice
O'Driscoll and I would have been right glad of an excuse to remain at New York , but we had not even sprung a spar , and our craft were as _ as bottles , and our crews did not want a single dose of physic among them , so we were obliged to put to sea again that evening .	craft	tight	bottles
Several bullets came whizzing by us , but she kept her head as _ as would the oldest veteran .	she	erect	veteran
The residence hired by the midshipmen was even smaller and in a more dilapidated condition than ours , and from the smallness of their allowance , considering that their appetites were fully as _ as ours , they were truly very badly off , poor fellows .	appetites	good	ours
We proceeded up as _ as Newportneuse , and so suddenly and unexpectedly did we come on the enemy that a considerable number of merchantmen were unable to make their escape .	We	high	Newportneuse
It came pretty near , but a miss is as _ as a mile .	miss	good	mile
Their frantic devotion to Hugo was as _ as that of Hernani 's band of robbers for its captain .	devotion	great	that
they are not merely represented with a sympathy which is as _ as his antipathy , but are made out to be amiable , tender .	sympathy	strong	antipathy
It was necessary that the illusion in his own case should be as _ as this , if he was to communicate it to others with approximate strength .	illusion	strong	this
mistress , Mosca has been obliged to put himself at the head of the troops and quell a revolt against the young Prince , whose character is as _ as his predecessor 's .	Prince	despicable	predecessor
e interrupts himself with the remark that a happy lover is almost as _ as an unhappy one .	lover	tedious	one
I am as _ as Alcibiades or Phidias .	I	pagan	Alcibiades
To me this earth is as _ as heaven .	earth	beautiful	heaven
and the capacity for work remained as _ as in his youth .	capacity	great	youth
Hence his manner is as _ as his subject .	manner	changeable	subject
the best of them are as _ as pictures by these masters .	best	perfect	pictures
The name is curious , for pills in the East , unless introduced by Europeans , are as _ as snakes in Iceland .	introduced	rare	snakes
This fog is as _ as Injun .	fog	thick	Injun
Gaius is as _ as a boardin ' .	Gaius	punctual	boardin
It 's as _ as a nigger 's pocket and thicker than young ones in a poor man 's family , as my father used to say .	It	dark	pocket
He 's as _ as a skimmin ' of last week 's milk , .	He	sour	skimmin
Why , if feelin 's count for anything , I 'm as _ as Methusaleh .	I	old	Methusaleh
The little room was almost as _ as the hall and quite as still .	room	dark	hall
You 're as _ as a Bedlamite .	You	crazy	Bedlamite
He smiled , and the smile was as _ as the look in his eyes .	smile	hopeless	look
But they ai n't as _ as yours , you think .	they	hard	yours
Her back ai n't as _ as mine , maybe , and mine 's most crackin ' .	back	strong	mine
I 'll be about as _ as a settin ' hen under a barrel , I will .	I	free	hen
The white mist was as _ as wool , wet , motionless , and icy .	mist	thick	wool
I am as _ as an iceberg and as hungry as a goat .	I	cold	goat
The result was as _ as sure as Fate .	result	inevitable	Fate
She 'll be as _ as her sister ever was .	She	bonny	sister
Just then he caught my eye , his countenance changed , and he looked as _ as a boy found out in some peccadillo , but the next instant he scowled at me , and his fierce dark eyes said as plainly as if they spoke .	he	foolish	plainly
out we can depute Cob to carry on the war , and he is as _ as all three of us put together .	he	obstinate	three
Yes , just because I have grown as _ as my big uncles , .	I	big	uncles
Lieutenant , Mr Schank , who , in spite of having a wooden leg , was as _ as any man on board , having gone aloft himself to take a look at her , came to the opinion that she was a brig of war .	Lieutenant	active	man
Captain Oliver and Mr Schank were as _ as their words .	Oliver	good	words
Ben , and there it is as _ as life .	it	large	life
I should feel out of place in their company , and though my family may be as _ as that of many among them , they knew me under such different circumstances , that I should not like to be sitting at table with them .	family	good	that
Paddy was as _ as his word , and no sooner was our meal finished than , jumping up , forgetting all his fatigue , he began dancing a real Irish jig with wonderful agility , making the music with his own voice , crying out to us , every now and then , to strike up an accompaniment .	Paddy	good	word
Smith was as _ as his word .	Smith	good	word
Rockefeller , the yearning tone of his voice made it as _ as lathered soap .	Rockefeller	soft	soap
There was such a luxury of excitement in the town that day that it was just as _ as a public holiday .	it	good	holiday
And if the scene was n't quite as _ as the renunciation of Tancred the Troubadour , it at least had something of the same elements in it .	scene	dramatic	renunciation
This man , too , held a revolver in his hand , and , criminal or not , his face was as _ as Pupkin 's own .	face	resolute	own
His touch upon the throttle is as _ as that of a child .	touch	light	that
His name may be Smith , he may have come out of New England itself , and his little house there beside the track is probably as _ as yours or mine .	house	neat	yours
but such pride was almost as _ as the coaches .	pride	empty	coaches
Yet even if all the state boards were as _ as those of Massachusetts or Wisconsin .	boards	efficient	those
When she takes us in hand , you see , she turns us out as _ as roses and smelling quite as sweet .	she	fresh	roses
Marie became as _ as a child .	Marie	happy	child
the faith of the forgotten ones continued as _ as ever in the conviction that the Blessed Virgin had simply deferred a cure for their souls ' benefit .	faith	keen	ever
With a telescope of low power , these dark patches appear as _ as water , and they were once supposed to be seas .	patches	smooth	water
The sun 's surface is a hundred and ninety thousand times as _ as a candle .	surface	bright	candle
The sun 's disk is much less bright near the margin than near the centre , a point on the limb of the sun being only about a fourth as _ as one near the centre of the disk .	point	bright	one
Close to the nucleus it is almost as _ as the nucleus itself .	it	bright	nucleus
then faded a little till April following , though it was still as _ as Aldebaran .	it	bright	Aldebaran
that they are really as _ as the other stars , but appear small owing to their great distance .	they	large	stars
Under the shelter of anarchy and impunity , every vice flourished , and men became as _ as the country .	men	wild	country
to any man whose discernment was naturally as _ as Coolidge 's .	man	keen	Coolidge
He 's as _ as a picture to .	He	handsome	picture
It will be as _ as a pocket down by that hedge , Mr.	It	dark	pocket
Meanwhile they were both as _ as bees , and the work was approaching completion .	they	busy	bees
Queer that I never seem to get hold of these things , and they just float along as _ as anything to you .	they	easy	anything
And he was as _ as the sun in May .	he	welcome	sun
Frank said not a word , but no doubt his feelings were just as _ as those of his companion .	feelings	strong	those
We never volplaned as _ as that in our lives , and that 's a fact .	We	easy	that
for if a chain is only as _ as its weakest link , a heavier .	chain	strong	link
and it must be generally conceded , that if the king was as bold and intrepid as Tyrconnell , the usurpation of William would have been as _ as that of Monmouth .	usurpation	abortive	that
punctilious king , are also as _ as the records of the time are reliable .	king	certain	records
in all else their thoughts must have been as _ as the causes they represented .	thoughts	different	causes
like tired bees , and most of the paper is as _ as Modred .	bees	blank	Modred
Next week they was all turning up the land in the valley as _ as bees and much prettier , and the priests heard all the complaints and told Dravot in dumb .	they	quiet	bees
and when young misses take that sort of fancy and lose the objects of their love , they are as _ as children when forbidden their sugar .	they	bad	children
As you wisely remark , a young lady is a sealed book to me , but I have always been told that their fancies are as _ as the shadow of the bamboo .	fancies	variable	shadow
A superabundance of memorials is as _ as none at all .	superabundance	bad	none
And Wei was as _ as his word .	Wei	good	word
He was as _ as sunlight , and to resolve his intellect into seven colours would want the most ingenious spectroscope .	He	simple	sunlight
The meagre result of the contest is as _ as the victory .	result	notorious	victory
His appearance was as _ as his origin and his exploits .	appearance	romantic	origin
Whoever knows Nemours knows that nature is there as _ as art , whose mission is to spiritualize it .	nature	beautiful	art
The enormous stomach of this giant rested on thighs which were as _ as the body of an ordinary adult , and feet like those of an elephant .	thighs	large	body
Dionis was really as _ as a blade .	Dionis	keen	blade
The doctors reassured him , declaring that the old spirit of opposition was as _ as ever , only , instead of persecuting as heretofore , the Academies of Medicine and of Sciences rang with laughter as they classed magnetic facts with the tricks of Comus and Comte and Bosco , with jugglery and prestidigitation and all that now went by the name of .	spirit	strong	heretofore
they were as _ as ants who have lost their eggs .	they	busy	ants
The tears of old men are as _ as those of children are natural .	tears	terrible	those
She 's as _ as the lily in the dell .	She	pure	lily
The room was as _ as a room can be , and small .	room	plain	room
You 're as _ as an old shoe .	You	easy	shoe
At least , every girl has the idea , sometimes , that if men only saw the whole truth they 'd think her as _ as any other girl , and really nicer than most others .	they	nice	girl
Your respected guardian and myself had a quiet evening on our usual peaceful pursuits , and when he went away all was as _ as the grave , sir .	all	quiet	grave
groomed man , whose beard was only slightly tinged with grey , whose figure was as _ as a well .	figure	erect	well
Aylmore , or Ainsworth , was as _ as a child in that .	Aylmore	innocent	child
s remarks were as _ as straws and that , however one might indulge in them at eight o.	remarks	weak	straws
You shewed me then as _ as day , the lesson my heavenly Father was teaching me , by all the bad accidents I met with and all the shame I felt .	You	clear	day
Moreover , he seemed as _ as ever , whereas Tosspot was beginning to feel as if a wheel were going round in his head .	he	sensible	ever
Louis , and I went away as _ as an ambassador .	Louis	proud	ambassador
The human brain ought to be at every instant a consuming fire which burns through all conventional images until they were as _ as glass .	they	transparent	glass
property is as _ as any despot or thief .	property	dangerous	despot
Little of our effective oligarchy is as _ as the Reformation .	Little	old	Reformation
He is as _ as a Puritan .	He	indecent	Puritan
The guitar of the troubadour is as _ as the ploughshare of the husbandman .	guitar	practical	ploughshare
The waltz in the ballroom is as _ as the debate in the parish council .	waltz	serious	debate
The moonshine that ripens love is now as _ as the sunshine that ripens corn .	moonshine	practical	sunshine
it might be as _ as manure .	it	rotten	manure
it may be as _ as the ink of the cuttle or the doubling of the hare .	it	fictitious	ink
It is enough to say that this play which is full of his most serious quality is as _ as any of his minor sort of success .	play	full	any
One of those unusual novels of which the end is as _ as the beginning .	novels	good	beginning
except that the rods in the fifteenth century are twice as _ as those in the fourteenth .	rods	long	those
As to reading , Rollin is quite as _ as Madame de Maintenon .	Rollin	severe	Maintenon
training , instruments are just as _ as books are for the culture of the intellect .	instruments	necessary	books
However , the number of houses per site is probably not as _ as among the Yurok .	number	high	Yurok
If this is so , then there must have been fish left uncaught even in the smaller salmon streams and it would therefore seem that one stream was nearly as _ as another , if it carried salmon at all .	stream	good	another
for Socrates tells us , Old ladies in breath are as _ as bellows .	ladies	lasting	bellows
Now , O'Flanagan 's self is as _ as a berry , Tallish , stout .	self	brown	berry
the poor man is as _ as a doornail at this moment .	man	dead	doornail
A supreme crisis undid them , cast them into the arms of one another , as _ as children .	crisis	weak	children
He has since become one of the world 's most famous preachers , and his influence has been as _ as the world itself .	influence	wide	world
he 's just as _ as t ' other .	he	credulous	other
Our dinner was as _ as a dinner at such a season could be .	dinner	pleasant	dinner
But though he was apparently as _ as a glacier and about as impervious to fun , I tried hard to make his acquaintance , guessing there must be something worth while hidden beneath so much courage , endurance , and love of wild .	he	cold	impervious
They looked as _ as the hills , and as young , and as wild .	They	old	wild
In working a way through them I was severely cautious , but Stickeen came on as _ as the flying clouds .	Stickeen	unhesitating	clouds
They 're as _ as any wings I ever saw , and better than that , they 're strong .	They	beautiful	wings
It was as _ as a cow .	It	big	cow
She said it was as _ as a cow .	it	big	cow
he deals with a problem which is as _ as man from the standpoint of men who have left no other record of themselves .	problem	old	man
The aspirations , dreams , devotions , and sacrifices of men are as _ as their response to self .	aspirations	real	response
A world in which the work was as _ as the worker , the piece of art as the artist , would be a finished world in more senses than one .	world	great	artist
Prospero is as _ as Trinculo , and Rosalind as true as Cressida .	Prospero	real	Cressida
When one has learned how to roll over on the right side , rolling on the left side should be practised , until that movement becomes as _ as the other one .	movement	easy	one
The sea was as _ as glass , the sun obscured during the day by a haze , so that the heat did not affect Webb 's head , and in the night a three .	sea	smooth	glass
sense it clearly has not a right to do is to make this an excuse for keeping the child slaving for ten hours at physical exercises on the ground that it is not yet as _ as Cinquevalli and as strong as Sandow .	it	dexterous	Sandow
and their condition in the nineteenth century will become as forgotten and incredible as the condition of the corridors of palaces and the courts of castles was as _ as the eighteenth century .	forgotten	late	century
The Pursuit of Learning When the Pursuit of Learning comes to mean the pursuit of learning by the child instead of the pursuit of the child by Learning , cane in hand , the danger will be precocity of the intellect , which is just as _ as precocity of the emotions .	intellect	undesirable	precocity
No parent 's love is as _ as the love of a child .	love	innocent	love
Here we not only have mild winters but our summers are not as _ as those in Illinois .	summers	hot	those
But I have never seen any boy with nearly so attractive and charming a face , and Legs , whose nature is quite as _ as his face , and extremely like it , has the most splendid time .	Legs	nice	face
Precisely so , but cows are not nearly as _ as Man on these occasions ought to be .	cows	inactive	Man
Legs was as _ as a sheet .	Legs	white	sheet
These insignificant facts I published in another place , and since then I have received every winter mysterious letters from Grindelwald , showing that other people are as _ as myself .	people	absurd	myself
Their advance was as _ as an oceanic tide .	advance	irresistible	tide
These soldiers are as _ as claret stains on a new tablecloth .	soldiers	conspicuous	stains
They are as _ as schoolmasters .	They	grave	schoolmasters
always realising that the war must end some time , that Germany must once more begin to manufacture , and that competition would be as _ as ever in less than a decade .	competition	severe	ever
emitting isotopes are as _ as alpha emitters if taken up by the body .	isotopes	harmful	emitters
the spikes of the plant are as _ as fish .	spikes	tenacious	fish
the repetition of sound is as _ as in the whispering gallery of St.	repetition	distinct	gallery
the ayuntamiento made up its mind that Cadiz should be as _ as its neighbours and show vigour too .	Cadiz	good	neighbours
who were about as _ as their prototypes , the .	who	good	prototypes
The town is as _ as the hills and courageously uncivilized .	town	old	hills
It was the proud but very proper boast of a Mayor of Mallingham that although he had been proprietor of a provision business in the very centre of the town for over forty years , and had worn the chain for two consecutive terms , he was still just as _ as any man in the kingdom .	he	approachable	man
The man who was on watch had heard all the conversation , and his excitement was quite as _ as that of the others .	man	great	that
Cream flannel would be nearly as _ as brown holland for me , and when I wear brown holland you ca n't tell where the dress ends and I begin , .	flannel	bad	holland
The General said afterward , it was nearly as _ as a bit of Tipperary 's extra .	it	good	bit
He 's growing as _ as ditch .	He	dull	ditch
you are as _ as a ghost .	you	pale	ghost
Now we are as _ as ever , but still more anxious for the ladies .	we	anxious	ever
The Doctor was as _ as a rock .	Doctor	stiff	rock
Beside it rises the Campanile , as _ as a dream , and in appearance almost as unsubstantial .	it	fair	unsubstantial
He was as _ as death , and woefully emaciated .	He	pale	death
The horse is as _ as the pterodactyl , icthyosaurus , dodo , iguanodon , mastodon , great awk .	horse	unknown	pterodactyl
Though men 's sins be as _ as scarlet , they shall become as white as snow , Isa .	sins	red	snow
and the length thereof is as _ as the breadth .	length	great	breadth
Your name is as _ as any in Yorkshire , Ralph , .	name	old	any
This , though Letitia did not know it , was as _ as a bombshell to Mrs.	This	good	bombshell
Do you think if it had been as _ as that I should have been content to wait on the stairs .	it	important	that
I can forgive his mother , who is as _ as a figurehead , but would cut herself or anyone else in little pieces if she thought it would be good for John .	mother	stupid	figurehead
for he was true , as _ as steel .	he	true	steel
He was as _ as a child .	He	weak	child
It was as _ as her house now .	It	good	house
He was as _ as a god , with light .	He	beautiful	god
The beast was as _ as a castle , high as a tower .	beast	great	tower
five is n't nearly as _ as the elements akin to it , .	five	radioactive	elements
I could have made that dog as _ as a microbe , even sub .	I	small	microbe
Then the spider , suddenly as _ as a lump of stone , was drawn up into the heavens by the roaring yellow thing , and disappeared .	spider	immobile	lump
the floor was as _ as though man .	floor	smooth	man
The things seemed as _ as machinery .	things	tireless	machinery
But they were as _ as two flies that had rolled in the sticky slime of some super .	they	impotent	flies
the pile seemed as _ as a house to me , but when the man came along to buy them , he counted out six thousand good ones and rejected nine thousand that were bad .	pile	big	house
I went out of that office as _ as a peacock , but a laughing .	I	proud	peacock
she stood and looked me straight in the eye , and with both hands held on to a mastiff , that to me looked as _ as an ox .	that	big	ox
but when I reached the poor beast I found it was as _ as a rail and covered with sores as big as my hand .	it	poor	hand
They considered themselves not only as _ as humans .	themselves	good	humans
It was nearly a thousand feet in diameter , and it was made of multipoly plastic which is nearly as _ as its name .	plastic	anomalous	name
Bodman well knew how much her presence afflicted her husband , but her nature was as _ as his , and her hatred of him was , if possible , more bitter than his hatred of her .	nature	relentless	his
but , my dear mother , you are as _ as glass .	you	transparent	glass
I ca n't afford it , for it takes money to gamble , and I 'm not as _ as old Hammond yet .	I	rich	Hammond
My word , at present , is as _ as yours .	word	good	yours
The hours dragged along , and Adolph sat as _ as the two figures before him .	Adolph	immovable	figures
Lord Stansford 's face was as _ as paper .	face	white	paper
A purely rationalist tradition is as _ as a tradition purely religious .	tradition	impossible	tradition
le , removed to a quarter of the city as _ as possible from his former abode , where he was totally unknown , and here he gave himself out as a quack .	le	distant	a
is an inheritance , and the solitary thinker of Aben Tofail , the Arab philosopher of Guadix , is as _ as the ego of Descartes .	inheritance	absurd	ego
To them eggs are almost as _ as babies , because they know that some day , some day very soon , those eggs will become babies .	eggs	precious	babies
His humble home was as _ as the show .	home	resplendent	show
It was as _ as a crop of mangoes would have been at that time of year .	It	strange	crop
Though well housed , it is almost as _ as the coral polyps .	it	timorous	polyps
Break off the end of the shelly tunnel in an attempt to secure the pearl , and it is as _ as a sunbeam .	it	elusive	sunbeam
The empty right sleeve was the more pathetic when I saw him mixing his flour for a damper , and in the cunning twists and wriggling by which the fingers freed each other of the sticky dough and other dextrous manipulations , I soon came to recognise that with his left hand he was as _ as many men with their right and left .	he	deft	men
A general inspection showed that the tragedy was almost as _ as the flowers .	tragedy	universal	flowers
Immediately she alights the anterior legs are extended , the head is depressed between the thighs , and the legs which are at liberty become as _ as twigs .	legs	rigid	twigs
headed black is as _ as a black with a tail .	black	rare	black
The legend is as _ as the odour of attar of roses .	legend	indestructible	odour
The moustache became thinner and thinner , until the lip was as _ as a baby 's cheek , while the fraudulently youthful appearance gave obvious satisfaction .	lip	bare	cheek
The floreation in the foreground is as _ as in a XVIth .	floreation	delicate	XVIth
I 'm as _ as Red Riding .	I	hungry	Riding
all the boys are as _ as the children when they play Mrs.	boys	amiable	children
The heroes were all as _ as millers .	heroes	white	millers
His patriotism was as _ as Robespierre 's , but hung about him in more voluminous folds .	patriotism	sincere	Robespierre
His cupidity was as _ as his capacity .	cupidity	Cyclopean	capacity
I am afraid , very much afraid , that to many a fair young reader these celebrated characters will be as _ as manuscript .	characters	good	manuscript
they be n't as _ as some folks .	they	rich	folks
and his figure , though the muscles are as _ as iron , has enough of the slender to satisfy metropolitan ideas of elegance .	muscles	firm	iron
Did not she keep every thing in order for his comings and goings , which , with Edmund Thornley , were as _ as the clock on the mantle .	comings	regular	clock
Do you think I 'm just as _ as grass .	I	green	grass
considerably on his favourite theme , which , if the spelling and punctuation had been as _ as the language , would have been a fine performance .	spelling	good	language
demonstration , it was not quite as _ as on former occasions .	it	noisy	occasions
It 's as _ as pot , .	It	easy	pot
Rollitt 's return to Fellsgarth was almost as _ as his disappearance .	return	mysterious	disappearance
creature was as _ as air .	creature	intangible	air
He wondered if the other captives could see him , if their minds were as _ as his in their congealed bodies .	minds	active	his
In her , judgment and good sense were as _ as her shafts of wit were keen .	judgment	solid	shafts
Every lady was getting as _ as one another .	lady	bad	one
The horse had evidently had an attack of stage fright , as _ as that of the hussar .	horse	severe	that
whose reign had been marked by a mild paternal sway , and who was as _ as an Austrian well could be in those anti .	who	popular	well
His language is as _ as his voice .	language	astounding	voice
I will take them out as _ as a wink .	I	quick	wink
She had no brothers or sisters , but Andrew had always been as _ as a brother to her .	Andrew	good	brother
Gentile community , an invented tale of original domestic hostility to the Teacher would be as _ as the presence of authorities so styled is unlikely on the assumption that the story in Mark was all along current .	community	likely	presence
historicity of the entire action is as _ as in the case of any episode in the Gospels .	historicity	plain	case
he 's just as _ as anything .	he	dead	anything
she screamed , as _ as the others , .	she	loud	others
Since he could n't be as _ as Joel , it was well to turn his attention to other matters .	he	tall	Joel
See , Polly , I can ride as _ as that man , .	I	good	man
And over all shone a great light as _ as day , only it was tinged with red .	all	bright	day
You must think of something else besides paper , for that 's just as _ as pins , .	something	bad	pins
Well , something else that 's as _ as the snake , then , .	that	easy	snake
Your face is as _ as fire .	face	red	fire
said Joe , proudly enough , marching off , while the big sled , with Davie sitting upon it as _ as a king , came sliding along behind .	Davie	happy	king
She 's as _ as a whip about a stable , .	She	handy	whip
He wondered if pitching a ball could be as _ as catching one , or even any harder than it looked .	pitching	difficult	catching
And , in fact , not content with browning the chicken , the fire burned him until he was as _ as a coal .	he	black	coal
Naturally they are heavier , and the running gear is not as _ as in the later wheels , but this year the improvements are so insignificant , compared with those of past years , that ' .	gear	perfect	wheels
I 'll show you that rhyming 's as _ as lying , If you 'll listen to me while the art I unfold .	rhyming	easy	lying
And I 'm as _ as any prince , All honors I disdain .	I	proud	prince
she as _ as the dawn .	she	soft	dawn
shtompin ' yer fate , Wid yer purty white hands jisht as _ as a bate , A.	hands	red	bate
Three courses are as _ as ten .	courses	good	ten
Then the Parson might preach , and drink , and sing , And we 'd be as _ as birds in the spring .	we	happy	birds
The bough is as _ as a solid rock .	bough	firm	rock
Her disposition is as _ as a ten .	disposition	bright	ten
You 're as _ as flowers in spring .	You	welcome	flowers
And he was as _ as his bark .	he	bad	bark
My head is twice as _ as yours , they therefore needs must fit .	head	big	yours
His pinions drooped , he could hardly stand , His head was as _ as the palm of your hand .	head	bald	palm
At last two famous doctors came , And one was as _ as a rat , .	one	poor	rat
You 're as _ as a nut .	You	sound	nut
Dat nigger shaved 'em off as _ as wash .	nigger	short	wash
But she so handled still the matter , They came as _ as ours , or better , And are not spent a whit .	They	good	ours
And in shape and size the fellow 's neck Was as _ as the neck of a buffalo .	neck	bad	neck
Or else , when the pain would sharper grow , His notes were as _ as a Zuffolo .	notes	keen	Zuffolo
And the rhyme is as _ as a dancer In answer , .	rhyme	gay	dancer
Down she dropped at his feet , all as _ as a sheet , As wildly he fled from her view .	she	white	sheet
His droll little mouth was drawn up like a bow , And the beard of his chin was as _ as the snow .	beard	white	snow
The latter is but little esteemed , notwithstanding that it is often as _ as the more expensive clock .	it	decorative	clock
in anthracite and hard bituminous coals , but considerably less in lignites , which are nearly as _ as rotten wood .	lignites	soft	wood
Some lignites are , however , quite as _ as anthracite .	lignites	brilliant	anthracite
who erected as _ as sixteen blast .	who	many	blast
his small black satin tie was as _ as his brown hair .	tie	smooth	hair
At the conclusion of many festivities , the chance acquaintance murmured his address , but Dan comprehended the unwisdom of a sunrise return of so flaccid a young gentleman into a house as _ as the McMillans .	Dan	formidable	McMillans
Certainly , until her grandson took her hand and sat down beside her , she was as _ as a portrait .	she	motionless	portrait
And because you let yourself get as _ as a ninny over a silly little pretty face , you truckle to .	yourself	soft	ninny
s being as _ as any other time .	s	good	time
s door , found it locked and Henry as _ as the door .	it	unresponsive	door
but his bed seemed as _ as his clothes .	bed	cold	clothes
and great iron wheels that seem as _ as those of Ezekiel .	that	incomprehensible	those
the brig is as _ as a church .	brig	upright	church
The water was nearly as _ as the calm , mild atmosphere of the tropics .	water	clear	calm
stay and preventer was as _ as a bar of iron , and the chain .	stay	taut	bar
He is as _ as ever , but you , my poor friend , are bereft of all .	He	prosperous	ever
He is as _ as the lions upon his banner , and besides , he knoweth well the properest way in which to distribute his forces in the field .	He	brave	lions
Come , come , Harleston , thou art becoming as _ as Michael , with thy surprises and disappointments .	thou	bad	Michael
On his knee his head was still as _ as hers .	head	high	hers
In death he was as _ as a salamander , and 't is like his soul was in that place where this peculiar beast best flourishes .	he	cold	salamander
The affair grew as _ as that of the Greens and Blues under Justinian at Constantinople .	affair	serious	that
the grave , lean , demure , elderly woman , who , I daresay , was quite as _ as her neighbours .	I	good	neighbours
From ordinary superstition he was , indeed , quite as _ as any man of his age or epoch .	he	free	man
but I know that he is almost , if not quite , as _ as papa .	he	old	papa
Once in Canso , I should be as _ as in Annapolis .	I	safe	Annapolis
The young man stood , as _ as death , and trembling from head to foot with excessive agitation .	man	pale	death
Tchoglokoff and his wife had become as _ as lambs .	Tchoglokoff	gentle	lambs
questioned Leon Narichkine to such a degree , that I saw as _ as the day that he had failed in his engagement from carelessness and want of interest , regardless of all I had so long suffered solely from my attachment to him .	I	clear	day
Prescott was as _ as a mule in all he undertook , which perhaps in a measure accounted for his success .	Prescott	stubborn	mule
They are just as _ as Joe and Lillian .	They	happy	Joe
Every day we meet men who are unquestionably as _ as ourselves .	men	real	ourselves
Not that I was without sentiment , for truth to tell , I was as _ as any , and let me tell you , Sir , one girl of eighteen has more sentiment in her composition than all of the old men in the world .	I	sentimental	any
us ourselves , make us to be different from our sisters and our brothers , and without which all the offspring of the same parents would be as _ as so many peas in a pod .	offspring	like	peas
My performance shall be as _ as the performance of Nature .	performance	real	performance
We can no longer take refuge in the fact that we are as _ as others and a great deal better than some of our neighbours .	we	good	others
But the answer to the cry was as _ as the cry itself .	answer	wonderful	cry
She was as _ as a painting of Venus , and a thousand times more lovely for being alive .	She	perfect	painting
he was as _ as a lion , but the bandit had the advantage of him and , courageous as he was , he instantly recognized the folly of disregarding his warning .	he	brave	lion
she gave the screw a quick twist and the caboulot was instantly as _ as a tomb .	caboulot	dark	tomb
However the opening was now as _ as day , and as they descended the intoxicating perfume increased in intensity until it was almost as if acres of tube .	opening	light	day
Morrel was not less delighted , but , at the same time , he could not feel as _ as his friend of the Jew 's ability to perform his promise .	he	confident	friend
The Count was not a little discouraged , but his own conviction of the truth of Peppino 's statement was as _ as ever and , notwithstanding all the apparently insurmountable obstacles , he did not doubt that he would eventually find some way to force Vampa and the shepherd into a full confirmation of every diabolical detail related by the ex .	conviction	strong	ever
The baboons in return rolled so many stones down the mountain , some as _ as a man .	some	large	man
beds the males are ten times as _ as the females .	males	numerous	females
In certain species in the genus Gomphus the males are equally numerous , whilst in two other species , the females are twice or thrice as _ as the males .	females	numerous	males
I served in the army , in the artillery , before I fell as _ as this , and what a fine young chap I was .	I	low	this
with a longish face , narrowing from the forehead downward , very distinctly outlined , the nose a little curved , the mouth still as _ as a boy 's .	mouth	delicate	boy
He was not as _ as in boyhood , the sea breezes that swept in from the bay , past the wharves , having given him some ruddiness .	He	pale	boyhood
Do n't you know the man is as _ as a church .	man	poor	church
But a sister 's wits are sometimes as _ as a brother 's .	wits	good	brother
It was as _ as anything else to play with .	It	good	anything
Lenthal , a member , having said , that those who first took arms against the king were as _ as those who afterwards brought him to the scaffold , was severely reprimanded by order of the house .	those	guilty	those
and the spirit of tyranny , of which nations are as _ as individuals , had extremely animated the English to exert their superiority over their dependent state .	tyranny	susceptible	individuals
The victory in this battle was as _ as in all the actions fought during the present war .	victory	doubtful	actions
No training can possibly make the tortoise as _ as the antelope , or the antelope as strong as the lion .	training	swift	lion
His word was as _ as His presence .	word	effective	presence
Our Lord did not mean that He was imitating the Father , but that His work was as _ as the Father .	work	indispensable	Father
Heathens were as _ as Hebrews in their scrutiny of the victims , to ascertain what animals were fit for sacrifice by the absence of all blemish .	Heathens	punctilious	Hebrews
The bullet was as _ as that of the old English Snyder , and would easily weigh five hundred grains .	bullet	big	that
England was quite as _ as some of the neighboring colonies .	England	accessible	some
Mormon emigration along the Platte trail became as _ as that to Oregon in the years following .	emigration	common	that
The struggle for the Rio Grande was as _ as any of the military operations on the plains .	struggle	important	any
e the squaws were quite as _ as the bucks .	squaws	dangerous	bucks
Their commissariat was as _ as their general offices .	commissariat	important	offices
by the great iron bridge of the Union Pacific , their relations were as _ as those of the cats of Kilkenny , as they quarrelled over the claims of each to be the real terminus .	relations	harmonious	those
It was difficult to persuade the savage that a depreciated greenback was as _ as money .	greenback	good	money
Immediately the Indian Commissioner commenced to concentrate the scattered tribes , but was hindered by hostilities among the Indians themselves quite as _ as their hatred for the whites .	themselves	bitter	hatred
At the time I was as _ as Samuel himself of the interior mechanism of these clever contrivances to tell the hours .	I	ignorant	Samuel
His eyes were as _ as a bone .	eyes	dry	bone
and though such tales were probably as _ as those who gave them currency were fair , they obtained credence with the thoughtless , and being repeated from one to another , in time reached her father 's ears , and contributed with St.	tales	false	those
But the King proved as _ as his minister .	King	obdurate	minister
Here , where it was as _ as pitch , we whipped our horses into a canter and made a good pace for half a league , then , drawing rein , let our horses trot until the league was out .	it	dark	pitch
As it lay on its launching carrier upon the wide expanse of the flying stage , its aluminum body skeleton was as _ as the hull of a twenty .	skeleton	big	hull
Dorothy had slipped quietly into the room and chosen a seat at the chimney corner where she sat as _ as a nun who has taken vows of silence .	she	voiceless	nun
throated orchestration and the night song of whippoorwills , held the world in a bated stillness , and the walnut tree stood as _ as some age .	tree	unstirring	age
Her struggles were as _ as those of a bird held in a human hand .	struggles	futile	those
But to his astonishment Dorothy , whose face was as _ as paper no longer , wore in her eyes the desperation of terror or the fluttering agitation that seemed likely to make outcry .	astonishment	pale	paper
the falsetto of the hunchback 's voice was as _ as a dagger 's point .	falsetto	sharp	point
The other is as _ as anything else could be to .	other	secure	anything
The Ministers may have had in their possession facts which alter the whole state of the argument , and make my syllogisms fall as _ as a baby .	syllogisms	flat	baby
the boy is already almost as _ as Hartley .	boy	large	Hartley
It was as _ as the nose on his face that these Germans were out for business , serious business .	It	plain	nose
The German stopped short , and his smile was as _ as the smile on the face of Satan himself .	smile	cruel	smile
The illustrations are as _ as the text .	illustrations	practical	text
I have seen her , and she is as _ as an angel , .	she	beautiful	angel
All the Sunbeams looked bright , and hot , but she looked as _ as the sea .	she	cool	sea
The little fat weed spoke in such a jolly voice that the weeds all cheered up at once , and before long they were as _ as bees , and as happy as Johnnie .	they	busy	Johnnie
It was just as _ as daylight that this marvelous cup had been set adrift by some unseen power , and guided hitherward in order to carry Hercules across the sea on his way to the garden of the Hesperides .	It	clear	daylight
all the hair was cleaned off so that it was as _ as a rat .	it	bare	rat
and society would become dreadfully mixed if it were not fortunately ordered that the Crickets are as _ as jet .	Crickets	black	jet
men , was very nearly as _ as that sustained by Burnside 's army of .	men	great	that
Their men were as _ as the Southerners .	men	good	Southerners
When they met in direct conflict at close quarters , therefore , the fighting was as _ as any that had yet occurred on any field since the beginning of the war .	fighting	obstinate	any
For with Thomas at Nashville and adequate forces at Chattanooga and elsewhere it was as _ as anything in war can be , that Hood could accomplish nothing in his northward march except his own destruction .	it	certain	anything
His equipment was as _ as good organization and a lavish expenditure of money could make it .	equipment	perfect	organization
iron chairs for holding the rails were used , and I have known as _ as forty .	I	many	forty
if you washed face and hands they were as _ as ever in an hour .	they	dirty	ever
Scottish medicine was then as _ as Scottish theology .	medicine	stern	theology
All our duties lie in this world and in the present , and trying impatiently to peer into that which lies beyond is as _ as fruitless .	peer	vain	fruitless
They are just as _ as his earlier ones .	They	fascinating	ones
Here he felt as _ as though in a fortified castle , for the passage was too narrow to be successfully navigated by so beamy a craft as the .	he	safe	the
The boat had appeared to Serge so suddenly and unexpectedly that to his bewildered eyes she looked as _ as the schooner , and he believed his own fate and Phil .	she	big	schooner
Youth and health can withstand almost anything , and so in the morning , after a night between warm blankets , the lads were as _ as ever for their day .	lads	fit	ever
If the outer air were as _ as that inside the kettle we would see no steam , though the invisible vapor would be passing from the spout just the same .	air	hot	that
He is more than twice as _ as the fur .	He	large	fur
s the grandest kind of hunting , right in the edge of great breakers that are dashing their spray all over you , and they look as _ as elephants .	they	big	elephants
They even offered your mother as _ as ten of their finest old .	They	high	ten
s surprise they were as _ as sheep , and much more easy to drive , because they could not run .	they	docile	sheep
That strip of unfenced beach is government land , to which our right is as _ as theirs .	land	good	theirs
what can be your objection to your lady 's going to a place which , I will venture to say , is as _ as any about town , and which is frequented by the best company .	place	reputable	any
He committed the whole charge of his house to my care , and gave me the name of his little housekeeper , an appellation of which I was then as _ as any minister of state can be of his titles .	appellation	proud	minister
In fact , if the Cretans had been well armed and provided with good ammunition , the campaign would probably have ended there and then , and Kakopetra become as _ as Askypho in the great insurrection , when the same Mustapha , in .	Kakopetra	famous	Askypho
He 's just as _ as Jim , when he 's around the shack .	He	sassy	Jim
They are as _ as a ball .	They	curvy	ball
Her skin was as _ as the leaves that outlined the entrance to the hut .	skin	dark	leaves
In fact , the man 's eyes , the safest signal of the brain , were as _ as those of the young persons who so eagerly watched his every move .	eyes	dear	those
The bee , therefore , in preparing the pellet , which was nearly as _ as a garden .	pellet	large	garden
The patient bee works her rings from the circumference to the centre , and she produces a shelf , united with such care with her natural glue , that a number of fragments are as _ as one piece .	number	solid	piece
but the bee knows how to spread the pieces which she uses as _ as glass .	she	smooth	glass
but the materials are considerably coarser , and the columns to which the platforms of cells are suspended are larger and stronger , the middle one being twice as _ as any of the others .	one	thick	any
aumur found as _ as seven or eight of these skins spread over one another .	aumur	many	seven
the quantity being probably just as _ as the strength of the wax will bear without tearing .	quantity	great	strength
The shining leaves of this plant , which are as _ as those of the laurel or orange .	leaves	large	those
some of their nests are as _ as a hogshead .	some	big	hogshead
they are formed by bending down several of the leaves , each of which is as _ as a man 's hand , and gluing the points of them together , so as to form a purse .	each	broad	hand
This root is commonly as _ as a large turnip , and sometimes much bigger .	root	big	turnip
Some of them are as _ as cocoa .	Some	large	cocoa
Sometimes this tuft is as _ as a small apple , and of a rounded but irregular shape .	tuft	large	apple
apple is commonly as _ as a walnut or small apple , rounded , but not quite spherical , the surface being irregularly depressed in various places .	apple	large	walnut
then his face grew as _ as Leon .	face	bright	Leon
law Marie Stuart had sent him from her prison , and on which his fingers looked as _ as alabaster .	fingers	white	alabaster
one is as _ as a woman 's , and the other as black as a negro 's .	one	white	negro
and she is as _ as an icicle .	she	cold	icicle
He is as _ as a slave .	He	submissive	slave
Maline soon discovered , to his chagrin , that his horse was not as _ as Ernanton 's , and could hardly keep pace with him .	horse	good	Ernanton
For the future we will be as _ as sepulchers , we swear to you .	we	mute	sepulchers
you are as _ as brave .	you	discreet	brave
arn is not as _ as France .	arn	large	France
Come , gentlemen , I will put myself at your head , and let the blows fall as _ as hail .	blows	thick	hail
He was as _ as wax , and looked thin and wan .	He	pale	wax
His reflections were as _ as those of Remy .	reflections	somber	those
in one word , it was that Diana whose gaze was as _ as the thrust of a dagger .	Diana	mortal	thrust
I guess we shall keep house together as _ as most folks .	we	comfortable	folks
I 've been favoring myself till I 'm as _ as an old hoss that 's right out of pasture an ' ca n't pull two wheels without wheezin ' .	I	soft	hoss
She was as _ as a grasshopper , this busy little gardener , and hardly turned to give us a glance , as we drove slowly up the hill close by .	She	thin	grasshopper
She was as _ as a bird , and as shy in her little pink gown , and balanced herself on one foot , like a flower .	She	quick	shy
Here I used to see this girl lying in the sun , her dark chestnut hair loosed and scattered on the sward , her arms stretched out , her eyes nearly closed , basking in the sun , as _ as some heat .	hair	happy	heat
Persons of fashion , these latter , at whom the country misses , whose style was as _ as their lineage , stared agape .	style	ancient	lineage
Yet he did not refuse the challenges , his reputation with the bottle being almost as _ as his standing .	bottle	great	standing
Her English was almost as _ as her eyes , over which tear .	English	adorable	eyes
The voice was as _ as the little dark face that peered into his , yet he smiled , muttering faintly that all was well .	voice	unfamiliar	face
Abraham 's book should become as _ as good climbing boots .	book	essential	boots
s withdrawing from me would make me as _ as water .	withdrawing	weak	water
The best saints would have been as _ as the vilest of men , had they been left to themselves .	saints	bad	vilest
No one doubts that the Methodists are as _ as any other of His Majesty 's subjects , etc .	Methodists	loyal	other
in disgust , and I am glad to see that , though your mind may be as _ as that of any other person , you remain firm .	mind	sensitive	that
Some who were as _ as gall , and croaking from day to day that .	Some	bitter	gall
I felt myself as _ as water .	I	weak	water
The lake was as _ as glass the greater part of the day , and the latter part of the day there was not a breath of wind , so that I had to row .	lake	smooth	glass
When it came to a question of principle he was as _ as iron .	he	rigid	iron
That is just as _ as children .	That	absurd	children
and wanted such very extraordinary things to eat that he was as _ as a party in the house .	he	bad	party
It was just as _ as the sun or this glorious roaring gale .	It	natural	sun
s visible tact , which is as _ as none .	tact	bad	none
s running as _ as barley .	s	sweet	barley
The future is really as _ as the past .	future	certain	past
A man 's word was as _ as his gold in the blower .	word	good	gold
From their cruel jaws to their bushy tails they were as _ as peas in their likeness to timber .	they	like	peas
Back in Dawson , though he remained true to his word and never touched hand to pick and shovel , he worked as _ as ever in his life .	he	hard	ever
the great world of which he had heard other men talk and of which he was as _ as a child .	he	ignorant	child
His word was as _ as his bond , and this despite the fact that he accepted nobody 's word .	word	good	bond
but I never thought it would get as _ as marriage .	it	bad	marriage
His thought was as _ as his voice .	thought	solemn	voice
Her hull appeared as _ as one of the many .	hull	large	one
They are as _ as the Bible .	They	true	Bible
It also appears to us that their profession is as _ as fortune .	profession	fraudulent	fortune
Because an imaginary spook is as _ as a real spook , if the clergy can twist and prejudice the youthful mind in their direction .	spook	good	spook
But it does not satisfy a rational investigator , to say nothing of your born critic , who will go on splitting hairs till his head is as _ as a plate , and then borrow materials from his neighbor 's cranium .	head	bare	plate
But is it quite as _ as the heads of the fools who believe it .	it	thick	heads
His mistakes are as _ as his crimes .	mistakes	fatal	crimes
worker is just as _ as any modern pretender .	worker	absurd	pretender
The story of the Ascension of Jesus Christ is as _ as the story of his Resurrection .	story	absurd	story
lies mainly upon the Church , Protestant being as _ as Catholic , for they vied in outraging and killing those who were doomed , by the ghastliest of superstitions , to be .	Protestant	bad	Catholic
Lacking humor himself , and brilliant without wit , he could recognise these qualities in others , and he thought them as _ as his own weapons against the dogmas of superstition .	he	valid	weapons
miracles were as _ as blackberries .	miracles	common	blackberries
Charlton 's house was as _ as a convent .	house	secure	convent
He is as _ as a child to his father and mother .	He	sweet	child
Sally said he was as _ as Apollo .	he	handsome	Apollo
But Harry was as _ as the wind .	Harry	uncertain	wind
and I ken they are as _ as a feast .	they	good	feast
But he is as _ as myself .	he	resolute	myself
I do not scruple to say , that these differences may be as _ as that which may be supposed to have existed between St.	differences	great	that
They are almost as _ as their mothers .	They	tall	mothers
He was counted one of the great Headmasters of his time , but he was as _ as the rest of us where lost tricks were concerned .	he	human	rest
And he was as _ as his word .	he	good	word
You are as _ as ever , Montagu , .	You	caustic	ever
We saw him every day , and we forgot that his heart was as _ as his skin , for his tongue was the tongue of an Onondaga .	heart	white	skin
It was still early in the evening , but the fort was as _ as at midnight .	fort	silent	midnight
The river is as _ as ever then with dashing young fellows in flannel , and enchanting young ladies dressed in the depth of fashion .	river	populous	ever
and to this choice combination the grateful stream lends a charm as _ as that which it receives from such artists and such girls .	stream	great	that
It is as _ as happiness .	It	undefinable	happiness
lived fish which was once , like the peacock , an old English delicacy with which monastic fishponds swarmed , runs to a great size about Teddington Weir , while dace are almost as _ as minnows in a brook .	dace	plentiful	minnows
The internal arrangements of Strawberry Hill are as _ as the events recounted in that very Gothic story the .	arrangements	wonderful	events
Westminster is to the full as _ as London itself , from which , be it remembered , it is even now entirely separate , as a city with rights of its own .	Westminster	historical	city
boat is now as _ as the caravel .	boat	extinct	caravel
Sometimes the spray drives high , and at night the roaring darkness is as _ as the clamorous mystery that meets you as you gaze seaward from the cliffs of Bamborough or the wind .	darkness	wild	mystery
repression before others , his passion was as _ as Quisant .	passion	strong	Quisant
He 's as _ as the deuce , .	He	clever	deuce
I 'm afraid he 's not nearly as _ as Winterton .	he	strong	Winterton
he said in a voice as _ as hers .	he	low	hers
Perhaps the greater harmony between them , which had induced and enabled her to obtain that consent from him , was as _ as the compromise itself .	harmony	precarious	compromise
Night 's figure , which was half visible through her long black veils , was as _ as that of a Greek statue .	figure	beautiful	that
Just above this carrion was a cluster of black and red weevils as _ as mice .	carrion	large	mice
indeed , a few yards from the waggon , it was as _ as ink , but I argued , natives have good eyesight , and a lion 's eyes have a way of reflecting the light of a distant fire .	it	black	ink
That is true , but if a man builds a hut as _ as Heaven , is not a pole necessary .	man	high	Heaven
About an inch from the end of the barrel was a bulge as _ as a hen 's egg .	inch	large	egg
s kindness and courtesy were as _ as the charm of his ready repartee and wit in conversation .	kindness	constant	charm
you are as _ as lightning .	you	quick	lightning
The lithe and agile figure has lost none of its elasticity , and the nerves are as _ as in the noon .	nerves	steady	noon
His fervid nature and personal magnetism are as _ as ever , and he sways the audience of to .	nature	powerful	ever
The day was as _ as friendship , music , and lovely surroundings could make it .	day	perfect	friendship
They 're grand shots these chaps , and if he can make out my face he 'll bring me down as _ as a gun .	he	sure	gun
It 's as _ as ink .	It	black	ink
I 'll come with you , though I feel as _ as water now .	I	weak	water
The Boers have done their worst to crack this hard nut , and we 've kept them at bay , which is almost as _ as a victory .	which	good	victory
he 's as _ as a colonel in his way .	he	good	colonel
You 're getting as _ as the poor fellow himself .	You	bad	fellow
It 's as _ as pitch .	It	black	pitch
Well , I 'm as _ as a mouse , and you are not going to encourage me to talk .	I	quiet	mouse
Your theory , my dear boy , is as _ as mine , .	theory	correct	mine
One hour I think he is as _ as a hatter .	he	mad	hatter
Usually the form of the chief was as _ as the rock on which he stood .	form	firm	rock
we all thought she was on her last legs , but , bless you sir , she can still stump about the camp in a tremblin ' sort o ' way , an ' her peepers are every bit as _ as those of my own Brighteyes , an ' they twinkle a deal more .	peepers	black	those
As the girls drew near , chatting in low , soft , musical tones , the two men lay as _ as fallen trees .	men	motionless	trees
Prayer is quite as _ as action .	Prayer	needful	action
but these anathemas were as _ as Gould 's irony .	anathemas	ineffective	irony
and a good many on German slang , but American slang , which is probably quite as _ as that of France and a good deal richer than that of any other country , is yet to be studied at length .	which	rich	that
brown Four Pence of the last issue , but it is not nearly as _ as any of the shades of the lake .	it	common	any
As if the boys were n't always as _ as black bears .	boys	hungry	bears
You 'll be as _ as the flowers of May .	You	welcome	flowers
Why , it 's as _ as the hills , almost .	it	old	hills
Hog had seven of the dearest little babies you ever saw , and they were as _ as butter , for Mr.	they	fat	butter
and there is no question in my mind but that it is as _ as the one you have heard so many times .	it	true	one
The height , the blackness , the dismal void , before my eyes , seemed as _ as the decorous neatness of my grandmother 's kitchen .	height	familiar	neatness
She is as _ as a dew .	She	pure	dew
In modern wars , panics have been as _ as ever they were in the contests of antiquity .	panics	common	ever
She was almost as _ as dark complexioned white women generally are .	She	white	women
He was not as _ as Jean 's father .	He	old	father
Her mind was as _ as her hands .	mind	busy	hands
Jean 's recognition was as _ as his sight .	recognition	swift	sight
I Wal , you 'd be as _ as Queen if you tried thet , .	you	crazy	Queen
The dark rocks , when his pickaxe laid their sides open , were as _ as the damp masses of ore .	rocks	inanimate	masses
The walls of its galleries were as _ as those of a bee .	walls	thin	those
He thus maintains that the portion of the rent paid to Government for occupation of the land is a tax upon the cultivator , which is about as _ as to state that the .	cultivator	true	state
This act was as _ as our religious conversion .	act	spontaneous	conversion
even the most unkind critic of the fair sex can not deny that the achievements of women on the stage are as _ as the achievements of men , although they have been a shorter time at the game , and have not had so many splendid parts written for them .	achievements	great	achievements
ra Comique production were almost as _ as the finance in the other plays , and it did not last long .	production	unsubstantial	finance
She was trembling violently , and her face was as _ as marble .	face	colorless	marble
He was as _ as marble as he held out appealing , shaking hands to her , his burning eyes fastened in agonized yearning upon her lovely though colorless face .	He	white	marble
He expected her to believe him when he said to her that she was the loveliest of all God 's creatures , but it was more than he could believe when she declared that he was as _ as a Greek god .	he	handsome	god
He is as _ as any man I know and he would be the last person to try to come between Anne and me .	He	square	man
Thorpe was as _ as his word .	Thorpe	good	word
His own face was now as _ as chalk and convulsed with genuine emotion .	face	white	chalk
Is it as _ as Wade .	it	bad	Wade
Besides , she 's always as _ as a sheet when she comes out , and two or three times she has actually run to her room as if she was afraid he was pursuing her .	she	white	sheet
His lips were as _ as his cheek , and that was the colour of chalk .	lips	white	cheek
It 's the only joy I have , this thinking that I 'm as _ as anybody , and the only time I think I 'm decent is when I 'm so damned drunk that I do n't know anything at all .	I	decent	anybody
In his extremity , he had put upon Braden the task of performing a miracle , knowing full well that its accomplishment was impossible , that failure was as _ as death itself .	failure	inevitable	death
You will be as _ as a rock in no time at all .	You	sound	rock
He 's as _ as an ox .	He	strong	ox
On the contrary , I 'm as _ as a fiddle .	I	fit	fiddle
She was as _ as a lark .	She	gay	lark
And then she was as _ as ice , stupefied .	she	cold	ice
I would have been as _ as steel to him , even if he had lived to be an hundred .	I	true	steel
Will this girl be as _ as steel to you .	girl	true	steel
She was as _ as the sphinx .	She	silent	sphinx
I think I am as _ as the average .	I	smart	average
Walter 's heart felt as _ as lead .	heart	heavy	lead
During the little time that it lasts , the solitude is as _ as that of a Western prairie or forest .	solitude	impressive	that
and Kensington , especially , in a summer afternoon , has seemed to me as _ as any place can or ought to be , in a world which , some time or other , we must quit .	Kensington	delightful	place
Zealander of distant ages shall have moralized sufficiently among the ruins of London Bridge , he will bethink himself that somewhere thereabout was the marvelous Tunnel , the very existence of which will seem to him as _ as that of the hanging gardens of Babylon .	existence	incredible	that
Noble and regal dust is as _ as dirt under the pavement .	Noble	cheap	dirt
worn staircase , the oaken balustrade of which is as _ as ebony , you enter the fine old hall , some sixty feet in length , and broad and lofty in proportion .	balustrade	black	ebony
They are as _ as ghosts , however , and vanish drearily into the old stitch .	They	colorless	ghosts
SELF MASTERY THROUGH CONSCIOUS AUTOSUGGESTION Suggestion , or rather Autosuggestion , is quite a new subject , and yet at the same time it is as _ as the world .	it	old	world
It 's as _ as the Gospel .	It	simple	Gospel
every time you feel you are going to have an attack , you will hear my voice telling you as _ as lightning .	voice	quick	lightning
I may say also that my legs were as _ as a stone and I could not bear the slightest touch .	legs	hard	stone
My little boy had a gland in his thigh as _ as an egg which is gradually disappearing .	boy	big	egg
You can keep me as _ as a lamb by feeding me right .	You	gentle	lamb
You 're all as _ as the river thieves I 've met up with .	You	bad	thieves
It is all as _ as twice two , .	It	simple	two
and sleep for offspring newly hatched is as _ as food .	hatched	important	food
Nevertheless the isolation of the individual is , in a sense , just as _ as that of the individual Bunting , for each one is just as vigilant in resisting intrusion upon its few square feet as the Bunting is in guarding its many square yards , so that the evidence seems to show that that part of the inherited nature which is the basis of the territory is much the same in both species .	isolation	complete	that
As for us here , we are as _ as grigs , and as active as flies , and as chatty as the maids .	we	merry	maids
Neil style , but we were all as _ as cucumbers , and as hard .	we	cool	cucumbers
I am as _ as Punch with the American peace .	I	pleased	Punch
but there are beautiful rides about here , and if I was not as _ as a poker to .	I	stiff	poker
Any little shyness that change of circumstance may have made , and indeed must have made at first , is quite over , and we are as _ as ever , which is satisfactory , considering that I love nothing in the world so well as her .	we	comfortable	her
I am as _ as a cat this morning .	I	low	cat
And yet I am as _ as a mouse , and have not grumbled about it at all , and flatter myself that George finds me as .	I	meek	mouse
However he is as _ as a king , I believe , only he has not had time to mention it .	he	happy	king
It was pitch dark , so it does not much matter if the pictures were as _ as the stories , for I saw none of them , but it lasted two hours , and in the meantime the Ministers , having had their dinner so early , had set fire to the two Houses of Parliament just for a .	pictures	improper	stories
First , George is as _ as a King .	George	happy	King
Certainly the body is quite as _ as the mind .	body	inconsistent	mind
s all as _ as a maid To show a decent dress , and dry the wet .	s	anxious	maid
Good reading is as _ as the classical bird .	reading	rare	bird
This cadential melody may carry the voice so high in pitch that the falling slide will be as _ as an octave .	slide	great	octave
The cable was about as _ as pack .	cable	thick	pack
This effect is not easy to describe , and yet it is as _ as rhythm or inflection or any other of the elements discussed in this book .	it	real	rhythm
Why , I have known him kill as _ as a dozen in a day .	him	many	dozen
Keep your rope handy to twist round him , and remember these fellows are as _ as eels .	fellows	slippery	eels
The night will be as _ as pitch , what with there being no moon and with the mist from the swamps .	night	dark	pitch
here is a wing for you , and this rice is as _ as snow , and the tea is first rate .	rice	white	snow
I do n't see why they ca n't be as _ as girls , .	they	respectable	girls
even Esther looked glad , and Meredith 's wringing grasp of the hand was as _ as anything else .	grasp	expressive	anything
The little group lying there upon the pine branches was as _ as the day .	group	quiet	day
Let no one blame me because the dreams of my youth were as _ as those of my childhood and boyhood .	dreams	foolish	those
I perceived that my face was as _ as a sheet .	face	white	sheet
Let British ladies educate themselves in those laws of beauty which are as _ as any other of nature .	laws	eternal	other
And so it has come to pass that the London water is not now nearly as _ as some of it was thirty years ago , when it was no more fit to drink than that in the cattle .	water	bad	some
beside , an odor , not as _ as the ottar of roses , arose from the assemblage .	odor	pleasant	ottar
The conversation was as _ as the wine .	conversation	small	wine
the churchwardens took the matter up , and the minds of the parishioners were as _ as their streets .	minds	gloomy	streets
a very serious loss , when the supply of men was as _ as France .	loss	distant	France
Could Baddeck be as _ as this peaceful valley .	Baddeck	attractive	valley
The rock is dripping with dew , and the bird is as _ as his hard bed .	bird	wet	bed
Another cause of his popularity is , that he taxes the imagination as _ as the understanding .	he	little	understanding
he was as _ as his word , for by his insolence and haughtiness he insulted the other powers , and occasioned the bloody war of .	he	good	word
but I think that there now exists a feeling that literature can herself , for herself , produce a rank as _ as any that a Queen 's minister can bestow .	herself	effective	any
and she is as _ as steel .	she	true	steel
The description is perhaps as _ as anything that Thackeray ever did .	description	fine	anything
Congreve 's muse was about as _ as any muse that ever misbehaved herself , .	muse	bad	muse
Simple old words are just as _ as any that can be selected , if you use them in their proper sense and place .	words	good	any
The battle of Albuera in the Peninsular War might easily at this date have long been forgotten had not the pen of Sir William Napier been as _ as his sword .	pen	puissant	sword
some of those berries were as _ as my thumb .	some	big	thumb
Though some of the ranches and land grants in the southwest are most as _ as the state of Missouri .	some	big	state
No part of it had been easy for her , but nothing else was as _ as the mud .	nothing	bad	mud
The tall grass was as _ as their heads and they became entangled in it .	grass	high	heads
She remained frail and she could not be as _ as the other children , but Emma nursed her carefully and watched her closely .	she	active	children
He 's not as _ as the white but he 's sound and a good worker .	He	big	white
His face was as _ as a sheet , and his eyes were just glaring out of his head .	face	white	sheet
sunny or gray , they were as _ as an unread book .	they	delightful	book
His face was as _ as marble , yet it seemed ablaze with desperate truth and scorn of old Abel .	face	white	marble
He was as _ as a pilgrim on a pathway climbing to the west .	He	blithe	pilgrim
they were as _ as herself , with all her own fullness of life and joy of living .	they	vivid	herself
t come as _ as that , especially the curly .	t	cheap	that
Need I mention to you a Scott , that fertile and fascinating writer , the vegetation of whose mind is as _ as that of a northern summer , and as rich as the most golden harvests of the south , whose beautiful creations succeed each other like fruits in Armida 's enchanted garden , .	vegetation	rapid	harvests
The phases of growth are as _ as in organic forms .	phases	distinct	forms
And here the subdivisions , if we attempt to classify , must be almost as _ as the representatives themselves .	subdivisions	numerous	representatives
His grief on finding her faithless was doubtless as _ as his conduct with her had been reprehensible , for he cherished for many long years the memory of his painful disappointment .	faithless	genuine	conduct
and , after having lighted a fire before his door , the flames of which ascended as _ as the windows of the first floor , they burnt his effigy in that fire .	flames	high	windows
His leg will be as _ as ever , and we 'll make fifty dollars by our show .	leg	strong	ever
She kept the house as _ as a new pin , had the meals ready to the moment , and saw that everybody 's clothing was washed and mended .	She	clean	pin
S MAGIC WHISTLE The wind howled , and the lightning popped and cracked , and everything grew as _ as ink .	everything	black	ink
His clothes were covered with black mud and the ink rain had soaked through his hat and had run down over his face so that it was as _ as coal .	it	black	coal
s magic was as _ as herself , for when the molasses candy bog thought we did not care whether we crossed it or not , it disappeared .	magic	contrary	herself
It only seats two , you know , but its engine is quite as _ as either of theirs .	engine	powerful	either
He 's as _ as the daylight , and as faithful as the sun .	He	honest	sun
Blessed if you 're not as _ as one of Hitler 's speeches .	you	unpredictable	one
And now , suddenly , you 're as _ as a bug in a rug .	you	content	bug
Too much rivalry between services is just as _ as none at all , you know .	rivalry	bad	none
And I 'll admit that I was as _ as a hen on a hot stove until we got this Fortress off the ground , and into the air .	I	jittery	hen
Guess I must be as _ as Freddy .	I	jumpy	Freddy
Why , that radio down in the basement is just about as _ as the naval radio at Kaneohe .	radio	powerful	radio
Ovid 's relations with Flaccus were clearly not as _ as those with his brother .	relations	intimate	those
Not all poets were as _ as Ovid in using the subjunctive in indirect questions .	poets	strict	Ovid
Thersites argues that he is now as _ as Nireus .	he	handsome	Nireus
The teeth are as _ as a small tree , and look like great sharp horns growing out of its mouth , and its legs are as big around as a large stump .	teeth	large	stump
Its ears are as _ as the mouth of this cave .	ears	large	mouth
He is as _ as a large bear , but he is yellow all over , and has long , shaggy hair all over his head , and beautiful , large eyes , and a long tail , with a tassel on the end of it .	He	large	bear
Foot looked as _ as an elephant , and I thought if I shot him and did n't kill him , that he would come and shake the tree down and eat me up .	Foot	big	elephant
It was nearly as _ as a pig , but it looked like a great mouse .	It	big	pig
they are as _ as the big red and black ants , and they live in houses that are as large as a haycock .	they	big	haycock
The eyes are as _ as large marbles .	eyes	big	marbles
But we grew so fast that we were soon nearly as _ as the cat .	we	big	cat
And then they hoisted him way up in the air as _ as a house , and then they swung him right over , and lowered him clear through two or three decks , way down to the bottom of the ship .	they	high	house
I 'm as _ as Saul .	I	strong	Saul
His complexion was almost as _ as a girl .	complexion	delicate	girl
You know that the seeds which our travelers bring from the mummies of Egypt are as _ as those which are sown from the last year .	seeds	fruitful	those
his soul reveled alike in tempest or sunshine , and his voice was as _ as the wings of the bee when he distills honey .	voice	musical	wings
his word is as _ as his bond , and his friendship is better than either .	word	good	bond
When men of business become dependent on borrowing , to meet their engagements , the daily supply becomes as _ as daily food .	supply	necessary	food
The ginral is plaguey cunnin , and he knowed as _ as a weazle .	he	quick	weazle
Indeed , on Dartmoor and in the west of the latter county they are as _ as in Cornwall .	they	numerous	Cornwall
The main street is as _ as the side of a roof .	street	steep	side
Sancreed screen , which must have been almost as _ as that of Burian , has disappeared all but a magnificent fragment .	screen	fine	that
t eat as _ as one of those basketfuls , anyhow .	t	many	one
s get as _ as our money .	s	many	money
Too much freedom at one time is as _ as an overdose of anything else .	freedom	bad	overdose
Girls are just as _ as boys , every bit , only they don .	Girls	clever	boys
Your cheeks are as _ as Jane .	cheeks	rosy	Jane
The bride was as _ as the bridegroom .	bride	undiscoverable	bridegroom
He will portion her with his debts , and she is as _ as any Countess in Christendom to return the politeness in kind .	she	equal	Countess
Why , since she has been here , she has been as _ as a waiter to us .	she	good	waiter
The maxim in America seems to be that every man is as _ as his neighbour , or better , at least every man seems to think so , and why , thinking so , they should address anybody as .	man	good	neighbour
A state in America is , speaking generally and leaving out the smallest , as _ as England , some much larger , twice as big .	state	large	England
The saloon was as _ as any pig .	saloon	dirty	pig
Then it is as _ as the world .	it	big	world
In fact , there was not left one vestige of kingly authority , and Carlovingian rulers were almost as _ as their Merovingian predecessors .	rulers	insignificant	predecessors
a man whose heart is as _ as his face .	man	open	face
she 's as _ as the lily , Bles .	she	white	lily
it is n't as _ as that all over the world , is it .	it	bad	that
But Harry apparently was as _ as ever with doing nothing .	Harry	content	ever
It 'll be just as _ as daylight then , and they 'd be able to see us .	It	bright	daylight
Actin ' up just like they was boys , sleepin ' out in the woods an ' pretendin ' they 're as _ as anythin ' .	they	brave	anythin
She 's as _ as a flash , .	She	quick	flash
She 's as _ as a button , she is .	She	bright	button
I 'm not as _ as lots of girls he could get , I 'm sure .	I	clever	lots
They had an awful quarrel one night , and my father said he was as _ as some of the people who hated him in Europe , and that he 'd have to look out for him .	he	bad	some
He became as _ as death , and it was quite impossible for him to meet Everychild 's eye .	He	pale	death
And sometimes I 've thought fathers were as _ as mothers about making you feel so .	fathers	bad	mothers
It was as _ as a small house .	It	large	house
If you 'd leave it to me , I 'd prefer sitting at a table where there 'd be something left after you 'd filled yourself as _ as a drum .	you	full	drum
but when Everychild had had time to look about him he was smitten with silence , and all his companions suddenly became as _ as mice .	companions	quiet	mice
All of a sudden they seemed as _ as sparrows .	they	energetic	sparrows
He is n't really as _ as the rest of them .	He	bad	rest
boxes and stalls , That money 's the one thing in marriage , And cheques are as _ as calls .	cheques	common	calls
Then the old keepers of the Sea Must be , in pluck , as _ as muttons .	keepers	dead	muttons
and he , throwing her petticoats over her face , which was now as _ as scarlet , discovered a pair of stout , plump , substantial thighs , and tolerably white .	face	red	scarlet
the dark blue sea is almost as _ as a mirror , and I can walk , and read , and write , as if I was on shore .	sea	smooth	mirror
two feet , its leaves are as _ as grass .	leaves	green	grass
it drove the sea furiously before it , and the meeting of the new wind with the old waves made them break as _ as the ship , and like the surf on a reef of rocks .	them	high	ship
The stem is generally hollow as _ as the buttresses reach , where it forms , as it were , another beginning , and rises , in a straight uninterrupted column , to the height of .	stem	high	reach
he killed as _ as four thousand , and captured nine military standards .	he	many	thousand
Here Hasdrubal , son of Gisgo , the greatest and most renowned general concerned in the war , next to the Barcine family , returning from Gades , and encouraged in his hopes of reviving the war by Mago , son of Hamilcar , by means of levies made throughout the Farther Spain , armed as _ as fifty thousand foot and four thousand five hundred horse .	Hasdrubal	many	foot
But the spirit of the besieged was as _ as the town itself was favourably situated for the besiegers .	spirit	invincible	town
the captured effects which they brought with them forming a train as _ as that of the troops themselves .	them	large	that
The skin is all off your face , and you are as _ as fire .	you	red	fire
And now , mother , I want some supper , for I am as _ as a hunter .	I	hungry	hunter
my beef is as _ as leather , and this cold chicken of yours is as plump and tender as one could wish to eat .	beef	hard	leather
shooter out of his hand , for he would have used it as _ as fate .	he	sure	fate
The girl was as _ as death , but was quiet and composed .	girl	pale	death
Our things are drying already , and I am as _ as toast .	I	warm	toast
The man is as _ as a rock , Wingfield , .	man	hard	rock
My nonchalance was as _ as hers , and .	nonchalance	striking	hers
but they 're about as _ as Dawsey , and look wonderfully like him .	they	white	Dawsey
The portrait of an unreal Adam is as _ as a child without a father , or an effect without a cause .	portrait	conceivable	child
The little poem , ' A Thought , ' is as _ as a mere simile in verse could be .	poem	perfect	simile
faced guard was as _ as his word .	guard	good	word
Within the house everything was as _ as the grave .	everything	mute	grave
May he be as _ as Othman .	he	good	Othman
though , if they were as _ as Hume they might have seen with him that such denial , so far from abolishing substance , could only lead to the substantializing of accidents .	they	logical	Hume
whose cause must be as _ as that event itself is .	cause	unique	event
THE POLICEMAN 'S LOT When a felon 's not engaged in his employment , Or maturing his felonious little plans , His capacity for innocent enjoyment Is just as _ as any honest man 's .	capacity	great	man
The younger was as _ as gold , The elder was as bad .	younger	good	gold
For six and thirty years I 've always been as _ as gold , And now for half .	I	good	gold
The rich attorney was as _ as his word .	attorney	good	word
At length I became as _ as the GURNEYS .	I	rich	GURNEYS
But this you ca n't stand , so you throw up your hand , and you find you 're as _ as an icicle , In your shirt and your socks .	you	cold	icicle
working days of old , When hearts were twice as _ as gold , And twenty times as mellow .	hearts	good	mellow
Yet to her native countrymen She was as _ as aye .	She	fair	aye
When your legs are as _ as dividers , And you 're plagued with unruly insiders , And your spine is all creepy with spiders , And you 're highly gamboge in the gill .	legs	thin	dividers
The funeral and its surroundings was as _ as the death .	surroundings	sad	death
which were as _ as sole leather .	which	thick	leather
The lady 's foot , you see , being almost as _ as her heart , had done it no serious injury .	foot	light	heart
She 's as _ as a cricket to .	She	merry	cricket
You must know , old Nell had become as _ as a post , and , being incapable of understanding anything , she gratified her natural amiability by approving of everything .	Nell	deaf	post
To complete the contradiction , his hair was as _ as snow .	hair	white	snow
He was ill at ease , too , and cast distrustful glances from time to time at his sister , whose manner was as _ as her appearance , and who seemed to have cast aside the depression which she had shown during the early part of the day .	sister	brilliant	appearance
Now I need not go over the old ground , with which you are quite as _ as myself .	you	familiar	myself
Perhaps it was not altogether wise to defy the conventions , but of course English Society has never been quite as _ as that of Berlin or Vienna .	Society	exclusive	that
The majority of working women are as _ as the majority of every class , but , though there are thousands of temperate women , they are matched by thousands of intemperate ones , the number has grown apace , and I feel they should be saved from themselves .	majority	sober	majority
life annex may appear as _ as a building without a roof .	annex	unfinished	building
The man with whom she enters the primrose path feels that he is as _ as his fellows .	he	good	fellows
The darkness between the buildings was not as _ as that within , and he saw a man placing a huge bundle in a gondola that floated at the foot of the steps .	darkness	deep	that
A miss is as _ as a mile , .	miss	good	mile
Near the crest , the road wound round the shoulder of an immense bowlder , which was fully as _ as a small cottage .	bowlder	large	cottage
He was as _ as death , and his lips were quivering .	He	pale	death
And do you see the cows , which look as _ as beetles .	which	small	beetles
Now everything must be as _ as the day .	everything	open	day
he had n't thought Johannes was as _ as that , and here he was his cousin , too , and such a trick he would n't play on the merest stranger .	Johannes	bad	that
it 's , it 's as _ as Sodom and Gomorrah .	it	bad	Sodom
field , and when I came out of it , my trousers were as _ as lobsters , as high as the knee .	trousers	red	knee
It 's as _ as a play .	It	good	play
Am I not as _ as the young gray .	I	good	gray
They 're as _ as crickets .	They	merry	crickets
They were as _ as mice and never said a word to each other till this afternoon , and now they are once more one heart and one soul .	They	quiet	mice
A comfort it was that the snow was as _ as sand so that it did not adhere to their boots and stockings or cling and wet them .	snow	dry	sand
Does not that weigh at least as _ as the economic question of the timber .	that	heavy	question
This untrammeled caprice of the Rococo age seems to us as _ as nature compared with the well planned symmetry of our modern conditions , which no longer permit one to be a real fool , and therefore do not allow any dazzling figures of romance to come to the surface , just as the eighteenth century , on its part , no longer engendered any real dramatic characters .	caprice	fresh	century
It would have been just as _ as to pen pigeons in a meadow .	It	feasible	pigeons
The night was as _ as any in an English summer .	night	warm	any
I was mounted on a thoroughbred hunter , but mercifully it was as _ as a lamb .	it	quiet	lamb
It will be as _ as any of the big events that have come to me .	It	memorable	any
guarded by men with whistles , in spite of which the place is littered with paper , this park is as _ as a private garden .	park	neat	garden
They are just as _ as the properties of matter .	They	real	properties
The content of knowledge seemed to have been lost , but the form of knowledge remained as _ as before the accident and was perhaps even more precise and definite .	form	active	accident
Now for something primordial and savage , even though it were as _ as an Armenian massacre , to set the balance straight again .	it	bad	massacre
When these populations become as _ as the commodities of commerce , there will be practically no limits .	populations	mobile	commodities
If they were given an opportunity , the Japanese are quite as _ as the Italians , the Armenians , or the Slavs of acquiring our culture and sharing our national ideals .	Japanese	capable	Italians
and by and by these secondary differentiations become as _ as the original one .	by	definite	one
All these isles are girt by white encircling reefs , which , standing out at some distance from the shore , forms a natural harbour , so that when a vessel has once entered , it is as _ as in an artificial dock .	it	secure	dock
every thing was as _ as a picture , and it has left an indelible impression upon my mind .	thing	distinct	picture
Eiulo remembered hearing his father speak of big canoes , without any outriggers , and whose masts were as _ as a cocoa .	masts	high	cocoa
The place had a gloomy and deserted air , and we unanimously agreed that neither the dwelling nor its location was nearly as _ as our own at Castle .	dwelling	pleasant	own
Jordan evidently believed that one might achieve affluence by making the requisite effort , and Jimmy considered himself equally as _ as the sawmiller .	himself	capable	sawmiller
and , anyway , we can carry freight as _ as Merril .	we	cheap	Merril
The ranchers , however , usually reached the latter by canoe , because the trail was as _ as most of the others are in that country .	trail	bad	most
None the less on this account should we be willing to weigh the contributions which he made to the stock of science and social speculation , and recognise the fine elevation of his sentiments , his noble solicitude for human wellbeing , his eager and resolute belief in its indefinite expansion , and the devotion which sealed his faith by a destiny that was as _ as any in those bloody and most tragical days .	destiny	tragical	any
After all , we ought never to blush to go to school if we are as _ as Methuselah .	we	old	Methuselah
Conviction was as _ as hope .	Conviction	indispensable	hope
The luxurious spirit of the times requires the importation and exportation of an immense list of articles with which foreign countries were formerly unacquainted , but which have now become as _ as air , and light , and water .	which	indispensable	air
In the prime construction of the hull this is as _ as in any other part .	this	requisite	part
In passing through the water the vessel cuts out a canal as _ as the largest part of its body , which is at the middle of the ship .	vessel	large	part
and ocean steaming continues as _ as ever , and is growing even more expensive than it has ever been known since its first introduction .	ocean	expensive	ever
It is as _ as a bird 's arse .	It	clean	arse
She saith she is as _ as ye .	she	honest	ye
The mutual relations of the two sexes seem to us to be at least as _ as the mutual relations of any two governments in the world .	us	important	relations
Charles told him that the enmity of Shaftesbury would be at least as _ as that of Halifax .	enmity	formidable	that
Swift writes like a man who has passed his whole life in the midst of public business , and to whom the most important affairs of state are as _ as his weekly bills .	affairs	familiar	bills
the champions of the moderns were generally as _ as Temple himself .	champions	ignorant	Temple
We are putting cases of men as _ as ever lived , who , differing on theological questions of the highest importance , and avowing that difference , are yet priests and prelates of the same Church .	We	upright	lived
he knows that if he lives a hundred years his rice and salt are as _ as the salary of the Governor .	rice	secure	salary
and incomes of forty thousand pounds at the time of the accession of George the Third were at least as _ as incomes of a hundred thousand pounds now .	accession	rare	incomes
The Catholic Church is still sending forth to the farthest ends of the world missionaries as _ as those who landed in Kent with Augustin , and still confronting hostile kings with the same spirit with which she confronted Attila .	Church	zealous	those
vast countries which lie between the plains of the Missouri and Cape Horn , countries which , a century hence , may not improbably contain a population as _ as that which now inhabits Europe .	century	large	that
The new unbelief was as _ as the old superstition .	unbelief	intolerant	superstition
I do n't believe thinking is good for me , though I do wish I was as _ as Judith .	I	handsome	Judith
hunter be as _ as a governor .	hunter	respectable	governor
he says the salmon of the lakes is almost as _ as the salmon of the sea .	salmon	good	salmon
The light air scarce descended as _ as the bed of the lake , hovering over it , as if unwilling to disturb its deep tranquillity , or to ruffle its mirror .	air	low	bed
and when the sun was beginning to glow behind the fringe of the pines that bounded the western hill , or about twenty minutes before it actually set , the ark was nearly as _ as the point where Hutter and Hurry had been made prisoners .	ark	low	point
Judith screamed , and when the two men turned anxiously towards the girl she was as _ as death , trembling in every limb .	she	pale	death
Yes , I feel as _ as the governor in these matters now , and will lay down with them doubloon for doubloon .	I	rich	governor
Tamenund , himself , though now as _ as the pines on the hill , or as the eagles in the air , was once young .	Tamenund	old	eagles
What might have been the issue of this severe personal struggle can not be known , for half a dozen savages came leaping into the water to the aid of their friend , and Deerslayer yielded himself a prisoner , with a dignity that was as _ as his self .	dignity	remarkable	self
Each is good in its way , and the last is very good , when one has been in a spring as _ as the Glimmerglass .	one	cold	Glimmerglass
Such things were usual in an Indian village and camp , where sleep is as _ as the meals .	village	irregular	meals
that they are as _ as moles .	they	ignorant	moles
To me , looks in a man is nothing provided his countenance be as _ as his heart .	countenance	honest	heart
and the other side stood one that has passed his days in the open air till his forehead is as _ as his cheek .	forehead	red	cheek
You are no longer alone in life , for though you have the lodges to change , and other ceremonies to go through , afore Hist becomes your lawful wife , yet are you as _ as married in all that bears on the feelin 's , and joy , and misery .	you	good	married
She 's a noble gal , for all her little feet , and hands that a n't bigger than a child 's , and a voice that is as _ as a mocker 's .	voice	pleasant	mocker
Tis nat ' ral for women to enter into their husband 's victories and defeats , and you are as _ as man and wife , so far as prejudyce and fri ' ndship go .	you	good	prejudyce
Under such circumstances , all waited for the visitor to explain her object , which to most of the spectators seemed as _ as her appearance .	most	inexplicable	appearance
If her words are as _ as her looks , they will never quit my ears .	words	pleasant	looks
yet , its feathers are as _ as the tail of the peacock .	feathers	gay	tail
The Yengeese are as _ as the leaves on the trees .	Yengeese	plenty	leaves
All this was done in profound silence , Judith watching every movement with breathless expectation , while Deerslayer himself stood seemingly as _ as one of the pines of the hills .	Deerslayer	unmoved	one
I 'm as _ as one of those Dutch parsons on the Mohawk .	I	stupid	one
All that she possessed of mind was as _ as ever , and , in some respects , her intellect perhaps was more than usually active .	All	clear	ever
Your words are as _ as your looks .	words	pleasant	looks
Wrapped in a single blanket , in my cushioned wheel chair , I was as _ as a man with a half dozen or so newly knit bones could feel if he sat perfectly still and did not exhaust his energies by worrying over the slow ups and the rapid downs of life , as one who had dropped five stories into the depths of solitude might , if not careful to turn to the saving grace of his philosophy and political economy .	I	comfortable	one
If it had been possible for Gabrielle Tescheron to understand that I had read her impulsive father 's character aright , and that my loyalty to Jim Hosley at the time was as _ as her own , our difficulties would have been greatly simplified .	loyalty	firm	own
Gabrielle would say , turning to the poor fellow , who was as _ as any beggar could be .	who	meek	beggar
A miss was as _ as a mile in slipping between the cup and the lip .	miss	good	mile
Maximina grew as _ as a cherry , and though she was conscious that all this sort of thing was eminently proper , she managed gently to escape from his arms .	Maximina	red	cherry
They were as _ as two eggs .	They	like	eggs
The girl grew as _ as a cherry .	girl	red	cherry
found herself in the lieutenant 's arms , she turned around as _ as a flash , tore herself away , let fly her hand , and .	she	quick	flash
Enrique suddenly grew as _ as a pepper .	Enrique	red	pepper
she grew as _ as wax , and suddenly conceiving an idea that she thought might be her salvation , she got up without replying to Saavedra , and going straight to Filomena , she said in a hoarse voice , trying to smile .	she	pale	wax
Her character is as _ as your mamma 's .	character	haughty	mamma
but steel is as _ as brass , we find .	steel	unsusceptible	brass
But his promises were as _ as water , and he soon forgot them .	promises	unstable	water
you are as _ as anyone .	you	bad	anyone
Aunt Hannah looked as _ as the doctor now , and sighed and shook her head .	Hannah	troubled	doctor
coals were shovelled on till the kitchen became as _ as Martha 's temper , and the plates put down to heat must have had their edges chipped , so hardly were they rattled together .	kitchen	hot	temper
It makes me want to with everybody going along as _ as can be , as if on purpose , to fish the best chap I ever knew out of some black hole among the bushes .	everybody	cool	purpose
Why , they 're as _ as rabbits , .	they	shy	rabbits
and when this fever passes off he will be as _ as a babe .	he	weak	babe
cried the doctor , who was nearly as _ as his nephew .	doctor	anxious	nephew
His misfortune is as _ as ours .	misfortune	great	ours
Give me some tea , aunt , and I 'm as _ as a hunter .	I	hungry	hunter
You are as _ as Anias and Sapphire who was carried out feet foremost .	You	bad	Anias
As the stove door opened for the intrepid Moses , out flew Tillie the white bantam hen now as _ as a crow with soot .	hen	black	crow
you know we 're not as _ as that , and that you are just talking nonsense , every word .	we	mean	that
Pickett discredits the accounts of this affair which were given by persons who were present at its occurrence , but they have been accepted by so many writers of repute , including Eaton and Meek , whose opportunities for learning the truth were as _ as his , that Mr.	Eaton	good	his
She kept as _ as an owl , of course .	She	sober	owl
Nora McNeil was as _ as Frances and had soft , fluffy black hair , big blue eyes , and the complexion that goes with this Irish combination .	McNeil	tall	Frances
said Betty , who was almost as _ as Cathalina , but would not show it .	Betty	disappointed	Cathalina
Lilian had looked as _ as Hilary while passing the island , for Philip might come at any time .	Lilian	conscious	Hilary
We now come to another discovery of Morgan that is at least as _ as the reconstruction of the primeval form of the family from the systems of kinship .	discovery	important	reconstruction
Gladstone himself must have perceived that a primogeniture resting on a clause of ' sufficient but not oversharp ' definition is as _ as none at all .	definition	bad	none
rcive power at first only existed in the shape of the police , which is as _ as the state .	shape	old	state
He looked as _ as a green apple .	He	sour	apple
It is as _ as rock and level as a floor .	It	hard	floor
You 're as _ as the flowers in May , .	You	welcome	flowers
Shortly after daylight , however , he fell into a refreshing slumber , and when he awoke two hours later his sickness was all gone , and he was as _ as a wolf .	he	hungry	wolf
I declare , she 's as _ as an old cow , and it 's going to be a good deal easier than I thought .	she	gentle	cow
but one guide was about as _ as another , for all the best of them did was to lead his companions farther from the road they wanted to find and deeper into the woods .	guide	good	another
He was as _ as a sheet .	He	white	sheet
and it 's as _ as this car .	it	big	car
He was as _ as the sheep he had helped pull out of the bushes .	He	dead	sheep
We was as _ as babbies of what happened afterwards .	We	innocent	babbies
You 've done it as _ as the world , .	You	sure	world
Dunstan , the great Church reformer and statesman , built and restored as _ as forty monasteries .	Dunstan	many	monasteries
probably it is as _ as any coeval specimen of its kind that is known .	it	large	specimen
Cataloging must be as _ as bookkeeping .	Cataloging	accurate	bookkeeping
There was a touch of something in the tone of this reply that amused the school , and that made the master look up quickly and suspiciously at Jack Dudley , but the expression on Jack 's face was as _ as that of a cat who has just lapped the cream off the milk .	expression	innocent	that
That 's as _ as shootin ' , .	That	sure	shootin
Riley , who was as _ as a peacock , was very much mortified by the shout of applause with which this little retort of Jack 's was greeted .	Riley	vain	peacock
With this , he dismissed the school , and the boys went out as _ as a hive of bees that have been disturbed .	boys	angry	hive
the blending of harmony between shirt , tie , and socks is as _ as the rainbow .	blending	perfect	rainbow
The statues of course forbade collectors to receive presents , but a wink is as _ as a nod , and it was customary for every determiner upon presenting himself to give the collector a .	wink	good	nod
It is as _ as a thief for the widdie .	It	meet	thief
This carriage is as _ as a bed .	carriage	comfortable	bed
pups of Barbichon and Ravaude are as _ as the descendant of Ishmael .	pups	numerous	descendant
had followed the boar , and were now leaping upon his body in the vain effort to tear the bristles , which were almost as _ as iron .	which	impenetrable	iron
We killed a boar as _ as a donkey .	We	big	donkey
A defeat like that is fully as _ as a victory .	defeat	glorious	victory
Jacques had been as _ as his father .	Jacques	unfortunate	father
lie were as _ as death .	lie	cold	death
but that woman is as _ as happiness itself .	woman	rare	happiness
Cinderella is almost as _ as Job .	Cinderella	old	Job
house decoy , a kissing convenience , that your lips were as _ as the stairs .	lips	common	stairs
But , alas , I am as _ as truth 's simplicity , And simpler than the infancy of truth .	I	true	simplicity
he 's as _ as milk , and could hardly say ' Bo ' to a goose .	he	mild	milk
They are as _ as bulls , and will think nothing of it , .	They	strong	bulls
I know that in such things I am as _ as a bear .	I	uncouth	bear
The ignorance was as _ as the tyranny .	ignorance	sublime	tyranny
It is not the least unsatisfactory reflection that the fighting men whom we recruited at the eleventh hour for war from the ranks of our Colonists , proved themselves as _ as our professional soldiers .	men	good	soldiers
The Egyptian Intelligence Department was as _ as the Egyptian Army .	Department	efficient	Army
If a man showed his head or lifted his arm he was as _ as out of the battle .	he	good	battle
Thy likings are as _ as thy fears .	likings	unreasonable	fears
it may be parenthetically remarked that the parents and the beloved one were as _ as the fortune .	parents	hypothetical	fortune
He built a deck upon her as _ as the gunnel , fix .	He	high	gunnel
s reason why this seemd strange is as _ as the rest .	reason	good	rest
and Jasmine , whose eyes and hair were as _ as Roland .	Jasmine	black	Roland
Dat seat am as _ as dis earth .	seat	solid	earth
t see why slaves are not as _ as other people , .	slaves	happy	people
The cloak was not as _ as snow .	cloak	white	snow
He was as _ as his word , for the note had been scarcely read aloud by Murphy when Fernando made his appearance .	He	good	word
it soon performed the functions of a filtering machine , and with equal effect , though less force , was to the full as _ as the blanket .	force	unserviceable	blanket
Extremes should be avoided , and too much familiarity is as _ as too much severity .	familiarity	bad	severity
Our stomachs , which before were as _ as half .	stomachs	lank	half
and when they told me the name of their village , near which I had shot before , I was convinced that my knowledge of the country by night was not quite as _ as in broad day .	knowledge	perfect	day
Your guess is as _ as mine .	guess	good	mine
and , I promise you , one end was stuffed with gold till it looked as _ as an egg .	it	large	egg
it was as _ as pitch .	it	dark	pitch
But he is as _ as a mule , and is likely enough to insist upon staying , because of the children , .	he	obstinate	mule
for , without perceiving it , you have become as _ as the rest .	you	idle	rest
That is no matter , for , if he saw as _ as ever , he could see nothing there .	he	clear	ever
the cellar is as _ as an oven .	cellar	dark	oven
Rouge escaped because he is as _ as a fox .	he	cunning	fox
hook and put it beside you , it is as _ as a lance , and it may be useful , .	it	sharp	lance
Anything you please , my handsome lady , provided there 's money at the end of what you mean to propose , and then we shall be as _ as my fingers .	we	right	fingers
As to Barbillon and Nicholas Martial , they are as _ as tigers , but as cowardly as pullets .	they	savage	pullets
The evenings at Malena were fully as _ as the mornings .	evenings	profitable	mornings
The latter region proved fully as _ as the first , but scarcely had we become well established in our new surroundings than we were awakened one morning about one o.	region	interesting	first
The bird is not as _ as a sparrow , but is of stocky build , with a bright orange .	bird	large	sparrow
His regret at our departure was as _ as our own , and I look forward with the utmost pleasure to another and longer visit to the mission and the boundless country of the upper Chimor .	regret	genuine	own
they were as _ as a hen .	they	large	hen
s dialogue is often quite as _ as his description , and in description he is singularly happy .	dialogue	good	description
they were as _ as the full moon shining above the mountains .	they	fair	moon
The scenery was as _ as the side of a house .	scenery	flat	side
And it was not as _ as the palm of one 's hand .	it	large	palm
at least it 's as _ as found .	it	good	found
He heaped up a mound half as _ as his head .	He	high	head
It was certainly as _ as any place could be .	It	dark	place
his face was as _ as linen , and he looked into the arena with a glassy , vacant stare .	face	pale	linen
The thirst for autonomy in each state was as _ as of old among the cities of Greece .	thirst	great	old
He gossips as _ as Machiavelli , and has no profundity to make up for the want of piquancy .	He	little	Machiavelli
Patriotism in his breast , whether the patriotism of a born Spaniard or the patriotism of an Italian potentate , was as _ as Christianity .	patriotism	dead	Christianity
Such attempts , however , at a reformation of ecclesiastical society were as _ as pin .	attempts	ineffectual	pin
This holiday excursion of a hairbrained youth was as _ as a border .	excursion	transient	border
Her palaces , that are as _ as castles , overflowed with a population cultivated , polished , elegant , refined , and haughty .	palaces	strong	castles
And if a truth is as _ as that , it is also in a fair way to become a lie , gentlemen .	truth	old	that
Water on the Diamond Dot was not as _ as on the neighboring ranches and the grass was thinner .	Water	plentiful	ranches
These dissimilarities are as _ as Egypt itself .	dissimilarities	old	Egypt
The Teutonic races , in their barbarous state , two thousand years ago , possessed brains as _ as now , and so with other races .	races	large	now
It is a fact that Washington had few disputes in a day when disputes over lands and boundaries were as _ as sunrise and sunset .	disputes	common	sunrise
Many a poor tired voyager descending the Ohio had cause to know that the founder of Marietta was as _ as a whole nation knew he was brave .	founder	good	nation
Whether or not the youth saw the trap , he was as _ as his interrogator .	he	frank	interrogator
mile railroad was as _ as a nine .	railroad	possible	nine
The girls sat as _ as mice , applying themselves to their fancy .	girls	quiet	mice
My father owned as _ as eighty Hottentots .	father	many	Hottentots
lie , and Louis Philippe was always as _ as any king of the old .	lie	desirous	king
The protests of the Queen , however , were as _ as the official remonstrances of Bulwer at Madrid and of Normanby in Paris .	protests	ineffectual	remonstrances
so I can see no reason why I should not be as _ as any one else might be in expressing the wish that every parent who has some interest in the training of children might not only possess a copy , but also read it studiously .	I	free	one
The sermons may be nearly as _ as those which I have to preach to my children .	sermons	dull	those
And so he had been left alone in the world , his very birth a misfortune , as _ as a sparrow and endowed by Providence with a green face and dog 's ears by way of personal recommendations .	his	poor	sparrow
Permit me to suppose that if your mother had shown herself as _ as your father , and you had been alone in the world , and left entirely to your own resources .	mother	strict	father
Her face was as _ as wax at this moment , her black eyebrows were knitted in a hard and expressive wrinkle , her nostrils distended , and her eyes , black with excitement and wide .	face	pale	wax
Your hand is twice as _ as mine , .	hand	broad	mine
all had declared with one voice that Imma Spoelmann was as _ as the daughter of the King of the Mountains .	Spoelmann	fine	daughter
Her strangely childlike face was as _ as an ocean .	face	pale	ocean
Andrea raised his cloak as _ as his moustache , and fled from the street , spurred by the disgust he felt at this foul person , whose clothes and manner were in harmony with the squalid house into which the fair unknown had vanished .	Andrea	high	moustache
his fingers were as _ as the serpent .	fingers	swift	serpent
fold increase , though the children will not be as _ as the parents .	children	large	parents
It is probable that some of those about which much has been written were not as _ as others which have escaped notoriety .	those	beautiful	others
Upon seeing his wife , the raging lion became as _ as a lamb .	lion	docile	lamb
An old , infirm , yet good , sociable negro met us at the gate , and told us that there was another road to the Mount , but that it was not as _ as the one we came over , and also that there was a private road , which was not as good as either of the others .	it	good	either
was a smart one , if he was n't as _ as his father , and the handsomest piece of furniture in the house .	he	old	father
I find you are a Flint , that strikes fire , and sets my soul in a blaze , though your heart is as _ as marble .	heart	cold	marble
At such times , she was as _ as an infant 's slumberings , saying that she was waiting for the sound of the marriage .	she	calm	slumberings
It is as _ as the mysteries of creation , or the duration of eternity .	It	incomprehensible	mysteries
yet he is as _ as the greatest dunce , who , parrot .	he	ignorant	dunce
they used to smoke together , and the jolly times they passed were never recorded , for there were no newspapers in those dark ages , and the people were as _ as crows .	people	ignorant	crows
But two of the crew were to be seen , and they lay as _ as logs .	they	senseless	logs
I was introduced to the invalid , and soon we were as _ as old acquaintances .	we	familiar	acquaintances
The moon shone very clear , and it was nearly as _ as at noon .	it	light	noon
So , with added craft on account of his many battles , he had come to skulk more , holding meat won by stealth equally as _ as that fought for , and realizing as he grew older that in time he would be overcome .	meat	good	that
A good old dunstable doctor here in London , should be the formost of them , that saide his wife was as _ as our Ladie .	wife	good	Ladie
His loud vigor is as _ as that of a later Scot like Carlyle .	vigor	pronounced	that
the only love which is as _ as death .	love	strong	death
Will it be as _ as this , I wonder , at Malbrook , or Warbrok , or whatever they call it .	it	nice	this
the rain is coming down heavily , and the night is as _ as a wolf .	night	black	wolf
That fellow Hamilton is as _ as a mule .	Hamilton	obstinate	mule
He might go away as _ as a roach and crack up half .	He	sound	roach
Rockley was ready to endorse his bill , which , with his credit at the Bank of New Holland , was as _ as cash .	bill	good	cash
This looks as _ as anything .	This	bad	anything
He would be as _ as the weather .	He	obstinate	weather
It was as _ as a bone , but through the mud there was a crop of .	It	dry	bone
But you are as _ as a week .	you	welcome	week
dozen shillelahs at once must be nearly as _ as a blackfellow .	shillelahs	bad	blackfellow
Time may make us as _ as the rest of the world , .	Time	unthankful	rest
He is as _ as a needle .	He	sharp	needle
I hope I sha n't be as _ as papa .	I	tall	papa
John with an impassioned lasting love , appeared to him as _ as the stars in a frosty sky .	John	clear	stars
When the suit of clothes is worn to rags , the rags are still as _ as new , for the wool is picked out into strands of fiber again and woven anew .	rags	good	new
that Carlos of Portugal is as _ as any of his contemporaries to meet the fate of Henry I of England .	Carlos	likely	any
you are as _ as an infant over your ideas of friendship .	you	weak	infant
He may be kind when he pleases , I do not deny it , but he is as _ as a stone .	he	hard	stone
Octavie was as _ as ever , but Adolphe was more teachable , more affectionate .	Octavie	disagreeable	ever
I am as _ as a little cat .	I	happy	cat
And the face of the waters that spread away Was as _ as the face of the dead .	waters	gray	face
Now , to write a sonnet , every one allows , One must always be as _ as a mouse .	One	quiet	mouse
It 's as _ as the meadows when the clover is in bloom .	It	fragrant	meadows
It 's as _ as the essence of the daintiest perfume .	It	dainty	essence
I believe you think they are as _ as herrings , when , alas .	they	plenty	herrings
At my lodgings I am as _ as at any place in Boston .	I	quiet	place
By all this , you will learn that grandmother has got rid of her croaking , and that grandfather is in good health , and that both of us are as _ as that bald old fellow , called Time , will let us be .	both	tranquil	fellow
The eyes , unutterably sad for one instant , turned suddenly to savage hate , the mouth was as _ as death , the eyes grew baleful , like the eyes of a snake that is being whipped to death .	mouth	cruel	death
Do not fear , dear child , I shall hold as _ as my faith in God , anything that you tell me .	I	sacred	faith
Every drop of her blood is as _ as the juice of a lime .	drop	sharp	juice
Miriam is as _ as a houri , as fair as the light of a sun .	Miriam	beautiful	light
His face showed refinement , and his hands were as _ as a gambler 's .	hands	soft	gambler
He became as _ as a woman .	He	gentle	woman
She sinned as _ as any young lady in Florence against the superstitions of society .	She	little	lady
the world would be as _ as an oyster .	world	dull	oyster
She caught him about the knees with her arms , and she was as _ as a young animal and as lithe .	she	strong	lithe
The streets , however , are as _ as those of Holland , and the inhabitants are neat and tidy in their attire .	streets	clean	those
the figures of which are nearly as _ as life , and admirably designed .	figures	large	life
Paris is now nearly as _ as London is in September .	Paris	empty	London
in short , he is a moving library that may always be consulted with profit , and his memory is as _ as an index in rendering its precious stores available .	memory	accurate	index
the occupants of the galleries here are as _ as those of the boxes , and any thing like outraging nature would be censured by them .	occupants	fastidious	those
It would have furnished a fine subject for a painter to see this beautiful woman , still in the zenith of her youth and charms , walking between these two noble boys , whose personal beauty is as _ as that of their parents , as she accompanied them to the college .	boys	remarkable	that
whose habit of abusing all who chance to be named is quite as _ as the other 's habit of praising .	all	remarkable	habit
Matthews is as _ as ever , and his wife as amiable and .	Matthews	entertaining	amiable
The noting down the daily recurrence of uninteresting events is as _ as the endurance of them .	The	dull	endurance
Garde , the flames of which spread a light around as _ as day .	flames	bright	day
The pleasure of it is as _ as the pain of a regret .	pleasure	unreal	pain
Why , the man is as _ as steel .	man	true	steel
Oh , it will be as _ as a run of luck .	it	exciting	run
To her , gambling had become as _ as a dipsomaniac .	gambling	imperative	dipsomaniac
As Sophia had said , the wind had ceased , and the air hung as _ as a pall over the mountain .	air	heavy	pall
From this it might be inferred that the Miltonic vocabulary is only half as _ as that of Shakspeare .	vocabulary	rich	that
it would be curious to have the same test tried upon the prose writings , though no such test can be as _ as the educated ear of a listener to a continued reading .	test	trustworthy	ear
Though much of the dialogue is as _ as dialogue in operettas usually is , there is great invention in the plot , and animation in the action .	much	insipid	dialogue
Oh , why ca n't I be as _ as Max and Gracie .	I	good	Max
I might have neglected my lessons under the same temptation , and if my temper were naturally as _ as yours I do n't know that I should have been any more meek and respectful than you were under so sharp a rebuke .	temper	hot	yours
Jack , on the other hand , although his pulses were throbbing uncomfortably fast and a large lump appeared to have clambered into his throat and stuck there , was outwardly as _ as ice .	Jack	cool	ice
she struck the sea with a force that sent spray and foam half way as _ as the vessel .	that	high	vessel
The sea was as _ as glass .	sea	smooth	glass
She was a huge , humpbacked monster , with a gigantic square head that looked as _ as the prow of a battleship .	that	solid	prow
He says they be as _ as stones on Dartmoor .	they	plenty	stones
my body be as _ as a rhinoceros , but my soul be no bigger than a nit .	body	big	rhinoceros
His hair was as _ as his frills .	hair	white	frills
Though she knew they were as _ as the love .	they	harmless	love
That same night , whilst Mirelle was writing to John Herring , Orange wrote to Trecarrel , but her letter was not as _ as that of Mirelle .	letter	brief	that
The coucal is nearly as _ as some species of pheasant , and rejoices in a tail fully ten inches long .	coucal	large	species
The kites in the United Kingdom were as _ as their word .	kites	good	word
They are nearly as _ as the crows .	They	abundant	crows
the coot is as _ as the proverbial nigger .	coot	black	nigger
As a matter of fact it is as _ as a lifeguardsman in full uniform , and , so far from having the habits of a skulker , it seems to take a positive delight in exposing itself , for , as Jerdon says , .	it	conspicuous	lifeguardsman
himself down his throat as _ as an arrow .	himself	quick	arrow
The bird is as _ as the heroine in a three .	bird	beautiful	heroine
gulls , on the other hand , are as _ as corks , and have webbed feet .	gulls	buoyant	corks
Each individual is as _ as a wren , so that some patience must be exercised by the observer if he wish to obtain a good view of any member of the flock .	individual	restless	wren
They are as _ as children .	They	restless	children
A ruff when courting is obviously as _ as the proverbial hatter .	ruff	mad	hatter
The chin , throat , cheeks , and breast are as _ as snow .	chin	white	snow
we are as _ as a cork , and never once shipped a really heavy sea .	we	dry	cork
he moved about as _ as a piece of sticking .	he	quick	piece
The bulkhead did not go as _ as the top of the hut .	bulkhead	high	top
Erebus and Terror were showing up as _ as a bell and I got a large number of angles for Evans ' survey .	Erebus	clear	bell
We have news which will make the Western Party as _ as ourselves and the world will watch with interest a race for the Pole next year , a race which may go any way , and may be decided by luck or by dogged energy and perseverance on either side .	which	uneasy	ourselves
Needless to say , I said that I was sure the camp was as _ as a church .	camp	safe	church
bags you must tie a string as _ as a poker , and re .	you	stiff	poker
shaped glare of white which contained an exaggerated mock sun , which was as _ as the sun himself .	sun	dazzling	sun
The wind shows signs of easing down , but the temperature does not fall and the snow is as _ as ever , not promising signs of abatement .	snow	wet	ever
I was as _ as a bat , and so was Keohane in my team .	I	blind	bat
The Beardmore Glacier is twice as _ as the Malaspina in Alaska , which was the largest known glacier until Shackleton discovered the Beardmore .	Glacier	large	Malaspina
He is as _ as most and is an undefeated old sportsman .	He	strong	most
foot , and , when it cleared later , we saw the sea as _ as the ice .	we	white	ice
I do not believe that five men on the lid of a crevasse are as _ as four .	men	safe	four
Evans ' nose is almost as _ as his fingers .	nose	bad	fingers
Although she was as _ as Erminia , that money could not really help any one to happiness , she could not at the instant resist saying .	she	convinced	Erminia
and she was as _ as clock .	she	regular	clock
During the preceding summer , George Rogers Clark , an aggressive young Virginian , with a small party , had descended the Ohio as _ as Fish Creek , where he built a cabin .	Clark	low	Creek
day to take down these words from the mouth of a Delaware Indian , each writing them in the orthography of his own tongue , the variations would be as _ as in the above list , except , perhaps , the ancient and now disused .	variations	numerous	list
At the point where the Spaniards anchored , as _ as two hundred small boats filled with natives came to the ships to sell fowls , cocoa .	Spaniards	many	boats
there is great abundance of fish , as _ as meat .	there	healthful	meat
and if the people of China be once driven away , it will be as _ as all the other depopulated Yndias .	it	poor	Yndias
I wonder if mankind is as _ as our ship .	mankind	ready	ship
Eph 's position in the Winkle household was as _ as his personality .	position	peculiar	personality
A miss is as _ as a mile .	miss	good	mile
Well , I never seed what I could n't larn about as _ as anybody .	I	smart	anybody
You are as _ as a buck .	You	strong	buck
When he hollered I helped him up and breshed the dirt off his clothes , and he was as _ as a ded nigger and as sober as a Presbyterian preacher .	he	umble	preacher
that Naples is as _ as Paris .	Naples	tranquil	Paris
and justice requires that I should render this people as _ as the scourge of war will render possible .	I	happy	scourge
and yet , notwithstanding all Napoleon 's arguments , it seemed impossible for him to comprehend why he should not be as _ as the King of Spain , as Napoleon was in the sovereignty of France .	he	independent	King
My sentiments are as _ as yours and those of my family .	sentiments	invariable	yours
We say a soul is dead while in a state of mortal sin , because in that state it is as _ as a dead body , and can merit nothing for itself .	it	helpless	body
One religion is as _ as another if we try to serve God in it , and be upright and honest in our lives .	religion	good	another
To say that one religion is as _ as another is to assert that Christ labored uselessly and taught falsely .	religion	good	another
because if one religion is as _ as another , Our Lord would not have abolished the Jewish religion , nor the apostles have preached against heresy .	religion	good	another
one would be as _ as the fraudulent banker if one could apply to one 's own necessities the property one holds in trust .	one	bad	banker
The old man trembled from head to foot , and his cheek was as _ as ashes .	cheek	pale	ashes
He was very friendly , and the eyes of the old man burned as _ as those of a white dove .	eyes	clear	those
on this was placed a throne , beneath a canopy of yellow velvet , and here Otto was seated dressed in a crimson doublet , and wearing a hat half red and half black , from which depended plumes of red and black feathers that hung down nearly to his beard , which was as _ as a Jew 's .	beard	venerable	Jew
When his Highness ceased , Fabianus took the bride by the hand , who blushed as _ as a rose , and led her up in the same manner to the nuptial couch , where he uttered a long admonition on her duties to her husband , at which all wept , but particularly the bride .	who	red	rose
Now , though her Grace could not help laughing at his position and words , yet she grew as _ as vinegar again immediately .	she	sour	vinegar
but my blood is as _ as that of the Dukes of Pomerania , and besides , I am a castle and land dowered maiden .	blood	old	that
They both grew as _ as chalk .	They	white	chalk
The whole service was ended , and her Grace looked as _ as the doctor .	Grace	angry	doctor
Then she took a rifle herself , and brought down several head , which was easily accomplished , when they passed upon each other as _ as sheep .	they	thick	sheep
Duke Barnim now began to complain of hunger , and asked her Grace where she meant to serve them a collation , for he could never hold out until they reached Wolgast , and his friend Otto also was growing as _ as a wolf .	friend	ravenous	wolf
Who knows if your Highness will be alive by the end of the year , for you look as _ as a corpse .	you	pale	corpse
That the Prince had given him a thousand gulden for his services , and a promise of a rich living when he succeeded to the government , so that in future she could live as _ as an abbess , and have what beautiful horses she chose from the ducal stables .	she	grand	abbess
Here the young Prince became as _ as a corpse .	Prince	pale	corpse
Her blood was as _ as his own , and no devil should dare to part them .	blood	noble	own
The young Prince turned first as _ as scarlet , then pale as a corpse , and sunk down upon a pile of old armour , unable to utter anything but sighs and groans .	Prince	red	corpse
Then they gathered round the poor young Prince , who lay there as _ as a corpse , and lamented over him with loud lamentations , and some of them lifted him up to carry him out of the chamber .	who	stiff	corpse
A noble maiden who is as _ as the child in its cradle , to be scourged by the common executioner .	maiden	innocent	child
Was he not as _ as any duke in Pomerania .	he	powerful	duke
of her , who was as _ as a child .	her	innocent	child
Then a dead silence reigned throughout the chamber , and Sidonia looked as _ as her paramour .	Sidonia	white	paramour
Upon which the young maiden sank down as _ as a corpse , and the oblation .	maiden	quiet	corpse
After the hunt they came to another fishery , and so on till they reached Uckermund , passing six fisheries in succession , whereof each draught was as _ as the first , so that his Grace the Elector marvelled much at the abundance , and seeing the nets full of zannats at the last halting .	draught	large	first
there was a lump as _ as an egg on it .	there	big	egg
prioress , and there was an end of it , or the abbess might lie groaning there till she was as _ as a pole .	she	stiff	pole
I would rather lie here as _ as a pole .	I	stiff	pole
Sidonia grew as _ as a lire .	Sidonia	red	lire
But the priest remained as _ as the snow outside , drew back his head , and said , .	priest	cold	snow
A year later the East Rodney shore looked as _ as ever , and the untouched wall of firs and pines faithfully echoed the steamer 's whistle .	shore	green	ever
He was as _ as anybody , and she was better .	He	good	anybody
It was late in the long spring evening , and he had just come from the lower field as _ as a boy , proud of having finished the planting of his potatoes .	he	cheerful	boy
T is difficult for him to spare a cent , but he 's as _ as daylight .	he	honest	daylight
They looked as _ as anybody , and appeared so modest an ' pretty .	They	nice	anybody
Thus , when The wily Boiar , by his fawning arts , Had coiled himself into the people 's favor , His wishes soared as _ as to the throne .	wishes	high	throne
she seemed so to have seen into you with that penetration of the heart , which is full as _ as that of the head , if there be any difference .	which	quick	that
I send a sketch of the room , and how we all sat last night as _ as possible listening to Mr.	we	happy	listening
Le Bas is as _ as a post .	Bas	deaf	post
His voice was as _ as a man 's , and his self .	voice	firm	man
I will send a number of the New Monthly Magazine as _ as the hills to Fanny , with a review of Tremaine , which will interest her , as she will find me there , like Mahomet 's coffin , between heaven and earth .	I	old	hills
small stones grouted together so firmly that the cement was as _ as the stone .	cement	hard	stone
After hearing this I declined riding this pony , though Miss Martin pressed me much , and assured me he was as _ as a lamb .	he	quiet	lamb
I have no domestic occurrence to tell you , except that a robin , who for several seasons has frequented this house , and Lucy 's room particularly , has this spring grown so familiar , that he began to build his nest in Lucy 's old bonnet , laid a great heap of leaves in it , which we used to see him bringing in his bill , the leaves often as _ as his body .	leaves	large	body
Yet she was as _ as all the women who were living happily .	she	good	women
I hope this will find you well , and that this one will be as _ as the others .	one	good	others
They were fully as _ as the kings of France , but , unlike the French kings , they were keenly alive to the needs of the people , anxious to advance the welfare of the State , tolerant in religion , and in sympathy with the new scientific studies .	They	despotic	kings
The New England States were almost as _ as England itself , .	States	English	England
We know now that the number of children of superior ability is approximately as _ as the number of the feeble in mind , and also that the future of democratic governments hinges largely upon the proper education and utilization of these superior children .	number	large	number
The time came , however , when he realized that Frank Merriwell was as _ as a lion .	Merriwell	courageous	lion
Fortunately , the ball was about as _ as a ripe cucumber , for it grazed Bingham .	ball	hard	cucumber
Jack sent it back , and his throw was almost as _ as Bart .	throw	beautiful	Bart
his military talents were not as _ as his political skill .	talents	great	skill
Why here we 've been pouring out clouds like old Vesuvius for an hour with no windows open , and yet the air is as _ as a bell .	air	clear	bell
The great hairy head was black , but the stocky body was as _ as a polar bear .	body	white	bear
If his brain is as _ as his eyes , .	brain	big	eyes
The only brute animals that we saw in the caverns were some doglike creatures , about as _ as terriers , but very furry , which showed the utmost terror whenever we appeared .	animals	large	terriers
She was twenty times as _ as the most brilliant planet that any terrestrial astronomer ever beheld .	She	bright	planet
In a few minutes Jack and I had restored Henry to his senses , but he was as _ as a child , and remained lying on one of the cushioned benches .	he	weak	child
But when the change came at last , it was as _ as the dropping of a curtain .	it	sudden	dropping
The sea behind us curved into the land in three great scallops , separated by acuminate promontories , whose terminal bluffs of sand were as _ as gold .	promontories	yellow	gold
It was as _ as that of an elephant or mammoth .	It	massive	that
I trembled with apprehension at this bold maneuver , but Edmund was as _ as a rock .	Edmund	steady	rock
There was a rushing to and fro , Ala 's face grew as _ as death , and her attendants fell upon their knees and began to lift their hands heavenward , with an expression of terror and wild appeal .	face	pale	death
He was as _ as the others , and like many of them had a knife in his hand .	He	insane	others
The Camp is busy enough at any time of the day , and the Army Service Corps which supplies it is almost as _ as any unit on active service .	Corps	busy	unit
The labyrinth of overshadowed alleys is as _ as the network of saps near the firing .	labyrinth	confusing	network
Yet the teachers speak as _ as to an audience of two hundred .	teachers	loud	audience
Changes in temperature are as _ as at Melbourne , in certain seasons .	Changes	incalculable	Melbourne
The altar stands beyond a screen as _ as the building , fairly overcrowded with symbolic paintings .	altar	wide	building
Lorries are almost as _ as the trees that line every road in France .	Lorries	thick	trees
The officers ' hut is as _ as your civilian sitting .	hut	warm	sitting
The superior fighting ability and tactical skill of Cornwallis , Rawdon , Stuart , and Tarleton were as _ as the courage and steadiness of their troops .	ability	obvious	courage
Wheat was quite as _ as sugar and beef , although there was less risk of a world .	Wheat	important	sugar
KEEPING DOWN THE PRICE What might happen without this Sugar Equalization Board is illustrated by the Civil War , when sugar , because of speculation , went as _ as thirty .	sugar	high	thirty
In many respects it would be almost as _ as the war at the present time .	it	bad	war
March had come , the sun shone brightly , the air was as _ as in May , and I had carried the mother and daughter some violets which I had gathered myself .	air	warm	May
The vigour and keenness of his intellect and the extent of his knowledge were as _ as his corpulence .	vigour	amazing	corpulence
They had so many puddin 's , sallids , sandwidges an ' pies , That a feller wisht his stummick was as _ as his eyes .	stummick	hungry	eyes
Besides , the other one looks as _ as a house .	one	big	house
Anyhow , your robbers will go to the penitentiary as _ as preaching .	robbers	sure	preaching
He was as _ as a bear and his ankle seemed a little better , although it was still swollen so much that he could n't get his shoe on and he could n't step on the foot .	He	hungry	bear
We were all as _ as wolves when Hank at last called us to dinner and it tasted fine , although my piece was burnt a little .	We	hungry	wolves
If those cobwebs have been spun round the neck by thinner legs than your fingers , landlord , the wine would be as _ as cider , or of an immortal quality .	wine	sour	cider
You shall believe me as _ as the moon , the sea , or the wind , or any other fixed and steadfast thing .	You	constant	moon
Take away their cloaks , and stick a tail through their satin breeches , and you have got the beast as _ as at a puppet .	you	perfect	puppet
yet no one can inflict a real and serious injury upon another without feeling a certain degree of regret , if not remorse , unless his heart be as _ as adamant .	heart	hard	adamant
He fancied himself as _ as a prince , the porter said .	He	rich	prince
Indeed , I believe all in the castle are as _ as myself .	all	ignorant	myself
a fool 's cap and bells would be as _ as the crown of Bohemia .	cap	good	crown
Why , it goes as _ as a wheel , .	it	easy	wheel
and if she do , this adventure is as _ as any other to fill up a space of time .	adventure	good	other
I thought you were as _ as a Chloe , and had vanished from my sight with some swan of the Rhine .	you	treacherous	Chloe
I am as _ as the rest .	I	enthusiastic	rest
so that , by the time we arrive , they will be as _ as larks , and the horses , if they have got drunk , likewise .	they	brisk	larks
The time was when I could be as _ as Lovet , though in a different way .	I	gay	Lovet
if it be as _ as that of Egypt .	it	black	that
and Valetto sank down into his seat again as _ as death , for the heads of five or six German troopers were seen behind their leader , and the sounds of contention , fierce but short .	Valetto	pale	death
and said , if I had not treated him so disdainfully I should have been now as _ as air .	I	free	air
He was as _ as a sheet , and his eyes were staring like a maniac 's .	He	white	sheet
The sides were as _ as stone , for a fire is always kept burning for a day or so in the interior when the pit is first made .	sides	hard	stone
It was not quite as _ as this , although the following instance that happened to myself may give an idea of their tenacity of life .	It	bad	this
My own man , Inyovu , was as _ as a black man could be , and his whole frame appeared to suffer much from cold .	man	pale	man
and likewise I hold Sterlin as _ as lost .	I	good	lost
for we thought it but reasonable , since they sided with these who put our lives and our lands for ever to sale , for the defence of our church and country , to employ for that cause , wherein their interest was as _ as ours if they would be Scotsmen , a part of their rent for one year .	interest	great	ours
s advice was as _ as their forebeers wont to be to their King .	advice	great	forebeers
it were as _ as the barbarous cruelty of Edom and Moab , who refused to let Israel pass through their Countrey , or to give them bread and water in any case , .	it	damnable	cruelty
Always here , yesterday , when we were at the very end of it , the Independents brought us so doubtful a disputation , that we were in very great fear all should be cast in the hows , and that their opposition to the whole directory should be as _ as to the government .	opposition	great	government
However the body of this people be as _ as any people , yet they that rule all are much opposite to our desires .	body	good	people
While thus far we had proceeded on Thursday , I thought we were as _ as agreed .	we	good	agreed
occipital nerves to every variety of wind , to perceive that , were this sort of influence very potent in itself , male neuralgic patients should swarm as _ as bees in our hospital and dispensary out .	patients	thick	bees
The first quality that must be absolutely required in a battery , that is to be used for this purpose , is that it shall deliver its current with as _ as possible variation of tension , in fact that it shall be constant , and not merely continuous .	it	little	variation
Ye are as _ as those of Damascus .	Ye	false	those
the land is as _ as Libya .	land	bare	Libya
He kept insisting that his money was just as _ as anybody 's , and he put up .	money	good	anybody
you 're not as _ as the other fellow .	you	lucky	fellow
McGawley and the barkeeper took a hand , the former hurling a spittoon that cracked a fellow 's head open and sent the blood spurting , while the latter brought a bottle on a raftsman 's skull that raised a welt as _ as a cocoanut .	that	big	cocoanut
He would play any and all games of chance , and would play them as _ as any man in the country , and come as near winning all the time at most of them .	He	high	man
When the boat landed I started off , and there stood the old fellow , just as _ as life .	fellow	natural	life
When in crowd together , Owen County boys are as _ as a warrior .	boys	brave	warrior
A few of the others did the same thing , but the balance started , and some of them were so drunk that they could not see the road , although it was as _ as marble .	it	white	marble
Under the hoofs of the animals it was as _ as stone .	it	hard	stone
They were not as _ as gentiles .	They	good	gentiles
The answer to his Master 's question was as _ as that sunny sky .	answer	clear	sky
But it was only as _ as your hand .	it	big	hand
They 're as _ as Beachbourne and a bit older .	They	old	Beachbourne
but his brain was as _ as ever , his heart as big , if his body was no longer so sure an instrument as it once had been .	brain	active	big
They are born contrary and skittish , and they ca n't help shying at fences and gates , but give 'em the spur and the whip , and over they go , as _ as a lark .	they	happy	lark
T is not as _ as British bayonets , that ye may tie to , fellow .	T	strong	bayonets
T is as _ as a romance , .	T	good	romance
In my own help I shall be as _ as in the past , but it is quite on the cards that I , too , lose my appointment , in which case I shall return to England .	I	unstinting	past
Our costume was fancy , and consisted of gauze turbans , spangled and edged with gold and silver , on the right side of which a veil of the same hung as _ as the waist , and the left side of the turban was enriched with pearls and tassels of gold or silver , crested with a feather .	veil	low	waist
In the Third Book Galiot returns to the fight with a host thrice as _ as his former one .	host	large	one
I will swear on a stack of one thousand credit notes as _ as this building .	I	high	building
Much prestige attached to them , and my black dress outfit should rate as _ as any uniform in the galaxy .	outfit	high	uniform
When in reality the vengeful fleet was just as _ as my admiral 's rating .	fleet	imaginary	rating
You shall go into that room , mark you , and you shall be as _ as a mouse .	you	mute	mouse
he answered , watching me with a placid amusement , which made it as _ as the daylight , that he saw through my evasions .	which	clear	daylight
which was as _ as dark .	which	good	dark
the horse is as _ as a mumper .	horse	lame	mumper
The Duke of Devonshire was as _ as my patron .	Duke	proud	patron
Our princely houses are as _ as our monasteries , our cities , and our cathedrals .	houses	old	monasteries
that the intention of the man of the tenth century in Europe was as _ as that of the man of the twentieth , that the man of the tenth century was as capable of self .	intention	good	that
It is not nearly as _ as that of Russia , France , or Germany , but it must be borne in mind that there is this distinction in our favor .	It	large	that
The palace is as _ as the man .	palace	simple	man
time social organization seems as _ as the military .	organization	perfect	military
That will be as _ as blazes before long .	That	hot	blazes
she was also bent on being polite , and was almost effusive in her manner to Jill , but Miss Erskine was as _ as the North polar region , and equally distant .	Erskine	cold	region
Has it ever been as _ as that , my poor little girl .	it	bad	that
they are as _ as flies in summer , and equally irritating .	they	plentiful	flies
By sitting directly in front of it Jill discovered that in appearance the general effect was nearly as _ as that of a genuine fireplace , the warmth diffused being decidedly greater .	effect	good	that
This must , of course , have a ventilating pipe of its own , which , to be always effectual , should be as _ as the waste .	pipe	large	waste
dear me , this is as _ as a parlor .	this	fine	parlor
that paint , which makes no pretense of being anything but paint , is as _ as shellac or varnish , and that if the object is to be interesting , the bark , the knots , the worm .	paint	genuine	shellac
still , if the plans and specifications were clearly drawn and the contract made as _ as the pains and penalties of the law could make it , the contractor might be compelled to keep his agreement and furnish .	contract	strong	pains
Our houses will be as _ as day all the time , unless we choose darkness in order to sleep more comfortably .	houses	light	day
In House of Commons it 's as _ as pastels on the pavement .	it	common	pastels
The English boot was adopted almost universally , and gaiters became as _ as in London .	gaiters	common	London
His long white hair fell on his shoulders , and his movements were as _ as those of a grenadier .	movements	precise	those
The features were as _ as those of a woman , with the exception of the chin , which was full and firm .	features	delicate	those
room in the rear , space cunningly coaxed from the reluctant marble worker , the mechanism of Nancy 's equipment was as _ as lavish expenditure and scientific management could make it .	room	perfect	expenditure
They 're as _ as hen 's eggs anyhow , .	They	big	eggs
You 're as _ as Sheila , only I expect she suffers from something laying hard on her stummick .	You	bad	Sheila
The fare was as _ as the furniture .	fare	sumptuous	furniture
and some who have no pretensions and yet are poor all the same , and find the little , fresh , airy villa houses , with their small rooms and little gardens , a wonderful relief from London , even from the suburbs which are almost as _ as Watcham .	suburbs	rural	Watcham
And if Jim escaped and stole out by himself , how could it be known whether his companions would be as _ as Mab and Florry .	companions	innocent	Mab
why , here he is , as _ as clockwork .	he	exact	clockwork
she is almost as _ as mamma .	she	old	mamma
s apartment was as _ as English comfort and French refinement could make it .	apartment	complete	comfort
But he is as _ as a child , and respects and admires me as one who has seen better days .	he	innocent	one
You will be as _ as a peony next , and what will Mrs.	You	red	peony
There was nothing in it of that pretty gallantry , so charming from a son to a mother , of which Leo for years of his life had been an example , but a serious care of guidance and protection , which was as _ as night from day .	care	different	night
That he possessed a zoological system whose primary divisions were nearly as _ as those of Linn .	system	good	those
plants and drugs by imported products , and the knowledge of foreign vegetation became as _ as that of foreign animals .	plants	indistinct	that
in some cases it makes as _ as one and a half or two turns , in others as many as eight or ten .	it	few	eight
He hoped to see biology become as _ as astronomy .	biology	exact	astronomy
The minute variations of species are as _ as the form of the stones which accumulate at the foot of a precipice .	variations	capricious	form
Apart from all question of social advantage , her claim for help for her own sake , when she needs help to meet the difficulties special to herself , is as _ as any other claim .	claim	valid	claim
six hours , and did not know what was the matter with me , and when it was born it was as _ as a coal and took the doctor a long while to get life into it .	it	black	coal
He is only nine , and they said he was as _ as the general run of lads in the North when they are thirteen .	he	big	run
They are as _ as two children .	They	happy	children
Peter , the prince of the apostles , were as _ as any of his predecessors have shown to any of ours .	Peter	great	any
This heap of oats shall be as _ as the breast of the horse on which he rides .	heap	high	breast
And if I were as _ as Solomon and should find a poor priest in this world , I would not preach against his will in his church .	I	wise	Solomon
If a man inflicts a wound as _ as a nail and as long as a finger , his hand shall be cut off .	man	deep	finger
looking young woman , whose movements , despite her miserable rags , were as _ as those of a wild fawn , dashed through the jungle and appeared in the middle of the group which hemmed the boys in .	woman	graceful	those
The spray of its landing flew as _ as the tree .	spray	high	tree
Dis am as _ as any palace I ever did done see , .	Dis	framjous	palace
Well , we are getting as _ as a pair of kittens , .	we	nervous	pair
The growth was as _ as tinder and Frank could not help thinking to himself that a fire once started among it would rage through the forest as if it had been soaked with kerosene .	growth	dry	tinder
Staggering up from the anchorage was a figure in pitiful rags with big , poppy white eyes staring glassily out of a face as _ as ink .	eyes	black	ink
Why , she 's as _ as a coal , sir .	she	black	coal
but it 's almost as _ as the rest of her and .	it	black	rest
It was almost as _ as his wrist and was sound and dry .	It	thick	wrist
but Ginungagap was as _ as windless air .	Ginungagap	light	air
they may be as _ as children .	they	happy	children
Such was the end of this man , whose death was as _ as his life .	man	extraordinary	life
it is almost as _ as speech itself , and well may it be called a sort of second speech .	it	miraculous	speech
and the myth is as _ as these names .	myth	clear	names
He is almost as _ as Thor himself , and the gods place great reliance on him in all critical conjunctures .	He	strong	Thor
The gods offered a ransom for their lives , as _ as Hreidmar himself would determine it .	gods	large	Hreidmar
As for Miss Jenny , her Behaviour soon became as _ as her name .	Behaviour	light	name
I do n't think the whole City is as _ as Bristol .	City	large	Bristol
I had worked as _ as any Moose on board the .	I	hard	Moose
When I discovered that this dear little Creature , who was as _ as her name and as good as gold , was my Countrywoman , I made bold to tell her that I was English too .	Creature	fair	gold
So that I got as _ as a Jew , and was much in favour with my Landlord .	I	rich	Jew
The Cathedral full of Relics , some of which run up as _ as Abraham .	some	high	Abraham
If things are as _ as that , it 's time you were moving on , do n't you think .	things	bad	that
When any weakness of the human heart can find a seeming virtue to go hand in hand with it , the battle is as _ as lost .	battle	good	lost
processes were as _ as print to the younger sister .	processes	plain	print
retorted the lawyer , whose respect for the law was as _ as his contempt for the makers of the laws .	lawyer	great	contempt
It 's as _ as day , now .	It	plain	day
He was as _ as oil , admitting nothing , denying nothing .	He	smooth	oil
I am as _ as a mule .	I	obstinate	mule
I have seen the weeds as _ as the trees at the time when a telegram was received by the the local agent that a carload of the purchasers of these tracts was about to leave to look over their property .	I	high	trees
The nut is not quite as _ as the Nebo .	nut	large	Nebo
No sir , we use paper ordinarily , of course we run wax over the paper in waxing the scion and then the paper is as _ as cloth .	paper	good	cloth
and not find one dead among them and some of the scions were almost as _ as my wrist .	some	big	wrist
She called at intervals for help , but her voice became as _ as that of a tired child .	voice	feeble	that
The roads are as _ as iron , and the moon makes it almost as light as day .	roads	hard	day
But not only did Gervase want to marry her , but it had become extremely clear of late that Sir Charles was as _ as his son .	Charles	eager	son
Then you believe we are as _ as the Americans .	we	bad	Americans
The beat of the horses ' hoofs became as _ as the ticking of a clock .	beat	regular	ticking
In Washington you made heaps of me , now you are as _ as an iceberg .	you	cold	iceberg
His second blow was as _ as the first , and when a blow between his eyes laid him prone on the ground , he began to yell for help at the top of his voice .	blow	wild	first
Those big folks may be as _ as oysters to the poor , but they talk to each other .	folks	close	oysters
He was just as _ as a cucumber , and then he 's a younger man than the Captin .	He	cool	cucumber
The case against you is as _ as daylight .	case	clear	daylight
He may not be as _ as some men , but think how brave he is , how self .	He	handsome	men
morrow will be just as _ as next week , .	morrow	good	week
And if I ai n't mistaken he can draw an inference as _ as most folks .	he	slick	folks
but had they been as _ as the lyrics in .	they	good	lyrics
his face was as _ as death .	face	pale	death
He was as _ as a child now .	He	feeble	child
His reverence cut up the ham into slices as _ as his creed , while old Matthew poured out the contents of two huge black jacks .	reverence	formal	creed
Then all will be as _ as hissel ' , back and end .	all	dead	hissel
yet she was a fine soul , as _ as the tarn on the mountain .	she	deep	tarn
it seems to make you as _ as ' Becca 's turkey , whether you 're working at it or lookin ' at some one else .	you	red	turkey
Why , it was as _ as noonday that the poor little man would try to avoid the villages by making a circuit of the fields about them .	it	clear	noonday
That face was as _ as a rock .	face	firm	rock
The old wife 's diagnosis was as _ as thought .	diagnosis	swift	thought
She was to become as _ as dauntless .	She	cunning	dauntless
their little limbs were as _ as stone .	limbs	cold	stone
we 're as _ as hawks .	we	hungry	hawks
Why , these passages are as _ as the grave .	passages	dark	grave
His face , not too ruddy at first , was now as _ as ashes .	face	pale	ashes
And he 's as _ as water , and he 'll take another fever , as I told him , and ramble on same as .	he	weak	water
The girl 's eyes were as _ as an angel 's .	eyes	meek	angel
They grew as _ as the iron that he was welding .	They	red	iron
The blacksmith awoke as _ as a child .	blacksmith	serene	child
The hard woman was as _ as a baby now .	woman	nerveless	baby
Bracken Mere was as _ as a sheet of glass .	Mere	smooth	sheet
We do not know whether the belief in immortality which prevailed in the valley of the Nile is as _ as the Egyptian religion in general , although at first sight it appears to be so .	belief	old	religion
There are many young men in the Russian ballet who dance excellently with their bodies , even if they can not leap as _ as Nijinsky , but what really separates him from them is the fact that he dances not only with his body , but with his soul .	they	high	Nijinsky
I feel sorry for that young girl , who perhaps will wake next day in that queer Bakst bedroom , and think of the partner who gave her the rose , not of the Rose itself , who came to her as _ as the thought which summoned him .	who	virginal	thought
But a good book is pretty nearly as _ as anything under the stars .	book	good	anything
It should be as _ as those great battles in which the victories of the Republic established our exalted but perilous modern day .	It	memorable	battles
The Barbarian is as _ as a savage in a top hat when he talks of the elliptical or the hyperbolic universe and tries to picture parallel straight lines converging or diverging .	Barbarian	proud	savage
their methods at bottom were as _ as any that Astor ever used .	methods	fraudulent	any
Without it , this class would have been as _ as a babe .	class	helpless	babe
Here the growth of large private fortunes was marked by much greater celerity than in the East , although these fortunes are not as _ as those based upon land in the Eastern cities .	fortunes	large	those
he stands as _ as a poker in order to make the most of all his inches .	he	stiff	poker
From this narrow way , where it is as _ as the grave , a tumult arises , the dull sound of falling bodies , the oaths of those who have been thrown down , and of those they have knocked against .	it	dark	grave
but I am half as _ as most men now , and hope to be a whole man some day , and a captain into the bargain .	I	big	men
It may truly be said of him that in battle he was as _ as a lion , and in peace as gentle as a lamb .	he	brave	lamb
Toby , though short , was as _ as a lion , and could have hurled him to the deck if he had dared .	Toby	strong	lion
That we are as _ as sparrows , and that they would willingly wring our necks and eat us if they could .	we	impudent	sparrows
Macquoid was as _ as his word .	Macquoid	good	word
A big Frenchman , the boatswain of the ship , I fancy , who was almost as _ as Jonathan himself , now sprang ahead of his comrades to measure his strength with our champion .	who	big	Jonathan
whereas my worthy friend was as _ as a lion and , gruff as was his voice , as gentle as a lamb , as he used to say of himself , if people would but stroke him the right way .	friend	brave	lamb
Off went the pistol , and the false lover tumbled over as _ as a herring .	lover	dead	herring
I rather suspected that Captain Collyer had stood back to look for Toby and me , though it was almost as _ as looking for a needle in a bundle of hay , I felt very sure that he would search for us , and that he would rather lose the chance of capturing the schooner than lose us .	it	hopeless	looking
The bullets were whistling along the deck as _ as hailstones .	bullets	thick	hailstones
Though I should not have been sorry to have got home without more fighting , I was as _ as any one , and hoped that I should not get another wound , as I was quite content with the one I had to exhibit .	I	ready	one
I do n't see why a dark skin should not be as _ as a white one .	skin	good	one
She , however , remained as _ as a bottle .	She	dry	bottle
On seeing us they set up a terrific shout , in the hopes of frightening us away , but it was no go , and then they began to pepper us with their arrows , which came as _ as hail about our ears .	which	thick	hail
With his rough exterior , loud voice , and bravery , his heart was as _ as a woman 's .	heart	gentle	woman
the water was as _ as glass , the sky pure and bright , and the distant landscape which I have before described looking romantic and lovely in the extreme .	water	smooth	glass
The singers are as _ as a ditch in mid .	singers	dry	ditch
We 've but the three of them , and they 're all as _ as a bee .	they	throng	bee
The landlord was as _ as his word , and within half an hour the traveller was sitting down to a most substantial meal at the massive board .	landlord	good	word
Gawd A'mighty made their ' eads as _ as their eyes .	A'mighty	weak	eyes
His feet were tireless , his limbs were as _ as a sword .	limbs	elastic	sword
This is as _ as venison .	This	nutty	venison
The next morning dawned as _ as midnight .	morning	silent	midnight
Alastair 's mood was as _ as the weather .	mood	dark	weather
Johnson 's face was as _ as a judge 's , and his dull eyes had kindled with a kind of shamefaced ardour .	face	serious	judge
It is as _ as everlasting love and almighty power can make it .	It	sure	love
he lay as _ as an unweaned babe , yet the victor .	he	helpless	babe
it 's nearly as _ as a photograph .	it	good	photograph
Again , every painter is told that his work is not as _ as last year , and that we have no one like Titian or Velasquez .	work	good	year
He is as _ as Simon .	He	bad	Simon
Whine away , Simon , and sit up of nights till you are as _ as the gold you clutch .	you	yellow	gold
Once more , success in the other arts presupposes a diet as _ as any invalid 's .	success	abstemious	invalid
I exclaimed , ' so Arignotus , the sole mainstay of Truth , is as _ as the rest of them , as full of windy imaginings .	Arignotus	bad	full
no , I am wrong there , you are as _ as a fish .	you	dumb	fish
His encouragement was as _ as his advice .	encouragement	valuable	advice
That 's as _ as writing , is n't it .	That	good	writing
impressions would be as _ as fingerprints .	impressions	useful	fingerprints
In a word , the conversation of Anna Vlassievna was as _ as a volume of historical memoirs , and would be very precious to the present generation .	conversation	good	volume
Liza was waited upon by Nastia , who , although somewhat older , was quite as _ as her mistress .	Nastia	giddy	mistress
Minute spots are not as _ as some other blemishes , while spots which deform the apple should disqualify the plate .	spots	serious	blemishes
and the people who can not see far , sometimes see more , and more truly , than do other people whose vision is as _ as the eagle 's .	people	keen	eagle
The moon shone full through the eastern windows of the store , making it almost as _ as day , and Ned had no trouble in finding the hay and the water .	it	light	day
One is as _ as another where all are irrational and beyond proof .	One	good	another
Then the warlock becomes as _ as a child , .	warlock	weak	child
When one gets almost weary of the struggle , she is as _ as at the beginning , .	she	fresh	beginning
The associations are as _ as the dining .	associations	opposite	dining
I believe they would eat protoplasm as _ as anything else , ripe or green .	they	quick	anything
human tendencies , pass into the composition of the neighbors ' children , some of whom may be as _ as snake .	some	immortal	snake
I hope I am as _ as anybody this hot summer .	I	cool	anybody
It is as _ as the howling of a dog at a funeral .	It	bad	howling
Even the Colfax variety was as _ as the others .	variety	ambitious	others
I see no reason why our northern soil is not as _ as that of the tropics , and will not produce as many crops in the year .	reason	prolific	that
gear , he is as _ as an old cedar .	he	grizzly	cedar
so that it appears that the conditions of the enjoyment of a sunset are as _ as anything in our civilization .	conditions	costly	anything
and I suppose , in the thieves ' catechism , the provider is as _ as the thief .	provider	bad	thief
and his curiosity is excited about as _ as his hunger .	curiosity	early	hunger
His imagination is quite as _ as his stomach .	imagination	hungry	stomach
What a cheerful world it would be if everybody was as _ as that man .	everybody	successful	man
the history is as _ as the morality .	history	good	morality
Our chapel in the rear is as _ as the rest of it , .	chapel	Gothic	rest
We could not hear him very well , though we could hear the choir as _ as day .	we	plain	day
armor and wear iron pots on their heads , they would be as _ as most tragedy actors on the stage .	they	ridiculous	actors
though it be by nature as _ as a cardinal 's hat , she may be no more constant than if it were dyed .	it	red	hat
He did not know why Emerson in antique setting was not as _ as Saadi .	Emerson	good	Saadi
but in the summer , when the doors and windows are open , it is as _ as anybody 's house .	it	large	house
It was no doubt owing to it that Democrats became as _ as moose in the Adirondacks .	Democrats	scarce	moose
We are as _ as dry herrings .	We	snug	herrings
But about this the strangers were as _ as mice .	strangers	close	mice
no rain had fallen for several weeks , and this heart of the forest was as _ as tinder .	heart	dry	tinder
These glimpses were as _ as thought , and instantly we were again isolated in the sea of mist .	glimpses	fleeting	thought
Before we reached the bottom of Caribou Pass , the water burst out from the rocks in a clear stream that was as _ as ice .	stream	cold	ice
Within an hour of his arrival , he was stripped naked , his head and face shaved as _ as his hand , a ring of iron , with a long stake bowed like a sickle , riveted to his neck , and he was scantily clad in goat 's skin .	head	smooth	hand
land , whose gold was as _ as copper in England .	land	plentiful	copper
Probably his life in London had been as _ as unprofitable , and his purse needed replenishing .	life	idle	unprofitable
His company being dismayed , Smith restored their courage by a speech , and then , boldly charging the King with intent to murder him , he challenged him to a single combat on an island in the river , each to use his own arms , but Smith to be as _ as the King .	Smith	naked	King
Yet he was as _ as a cork , and emerged from every disaster with more enthusiasm for himself and for new ventures .	he	buoyant	cork
they always call them loathsome , though I did n't see but they are as _ as any boats .	they	good	boats
The square was lively with carts , donkeys , and country people , and that and all the streets leading to it were filled with the women in black cloaks , who flitted about as _ as the rooks at Oxford , and very much like them , moving in a winged way , their cloaks outspread as they walked , and distended with the market .	who	numerous	rooks
There is a picture of the eleven thousand disembarking from one boat on the Rhine , which is as _ as the trooping of hundreds of spirits out of a conjurer 's bottle .	Rhine	wonderful	trooping
but the inhabitants for the most part are as _ as those we see all day .	inhabitants	hideous	those
His latest opera , which has not yet been produced , is founded on the Niebelungen Lied , and will take three evenings in the representation , which is almost as _ as a Chinese play .	evenings	bad	play
Some of his finest poems were also produced here , poems for which Venice is as _ as Ravenna .	poems	grateful	Ravenna
He is as _ as Vesuvius .	He	inexhaustible	Vesuvius
The contours of the shores and the outlines of the hills are as _ as the mobile waves .	contours	graceful	waves
stone under which she stands as _ as a pillar , sings .	she	erect	pillar
On Saturday night we very slowly yielded to the influences of the holy time , which were settling down upon us , and submitted to the ablutions which were as _ as Sunday .	ablutions	inevitable	Sunday
and which are almost as _ as pumpkin .	which	good	pumpkin
And this boy , who was in training for public life , would do this sort of thing all the afternoon , and when the sun told him that he had spent long enough time cutting brush , he would industriously go home as _ as anybody .	he	innocent	anybody
If it had been as _ as playing marbles , they would n't have cared for it .	it	sinless	marbles
But by and by sleep came , and John forgot his woes in dreaming that he knew where Madagascar was just as _ as anything .	Madagascar	easy	anything
The company which his son commanded , wearing his father 's belt and sword , was about as _ as the old company , and more orderly .	company	effective	company
We hear much of horses that can walk five miles an hour , but they are as _ as white elephants .	they	rare	elephants
The ridge back of the house , planted in corn , was as _ as the roof of his dwelling .	back	steep	roof
The mountaineer , though wet , was as _ as a daisy , and fatigue in no wise checked the easy , cheerful flow of his talk .	mountaineer	fresh	daisy
she 'd only got one child , down to Greenville , just the prettiest boy ever was , as _ as anybody .	boy	white	anybody
It seemed as _ as the Pyramids .	It	permanent	Pyramids
He is as _ as a girl .	He	shy	girl
The rich are as _ as anybody else , according to their lights , and if what is called society were as good and as kind to itself as it is to the poor , it would be altogether enviable .	rich	good	kind
It seems as _ as the affairs of the government .	It	important	affairs
is nothing to the promised universal illumination by a diffused light that shall make midnight as _ as noonday .	that	bright	noonday
educated girls are not as _ as other women with less advantages , it will have to be admitted that something is the matter with the young ladies , which is preposterous , or that the system is still defective .	girls	attractive	women
It never seems to occur to people in one locality that the manners and speech of those of another may be just as _ as their own , and they get a good deal of discomfort out of their intercourse with strangers by reason of their inability to adapt themselves to any ways not their own .	manners	admirable	own
Some cranks have maintained that the theory of gravitation alone does not explain the universe , that repulsion is as _ as attraction in our economy .	repulsion	necessary	attraction
which is as _ as a house .	which	comfortable	house
go play about topics more or less profound that is as _ as heat .	that	agreeable	heat
The novelist who offers us what he declares to be a figment of his own brain may be just as _ as the reporter who sets forth a figment of his own brain which he declares to be a real occurrence .	novelist	untrue	reporter
Of course if his own conception is not clear , he will be as _ as in writing about a person in real life whose character he knew only by rumor .	he	unjust	writing
It is a positive relief to look at an old colonial mansion , even if it is as _ as a barn .	it	plain	barn
A great mass of it has been accumulated in the progress of mankind , and , fortunately for different wants and temperaments , it is as _ as the various minds that produced it .	it	varied	minds
and it is as _ as chips besides .	it	dry	chips
that the things of sense are as _ as the things of the mind .	things	important	things
In connection with the neglect of the idea that the recognition of certain duties is as _ as the recognition of rights in the political and social state .	recognition	important	recognition
I do not see why a conspiracy against labor is not as _ as a conspiracy against capital .	conspiracy	illegal	conspiracy
and the sums which are expended neither honorably nor disgracefully are only half as _ as those which are expended honorably and on honorable purposes .	sums	great	those
and the maxims of Confucius are as _ as the bitter .	maxims	comprehensible	bitter
At our present rate of progress , the drawings in all our amusing weeklies will soon be as _ as those in the ' Fliegende Blatter .	drawings	good	those
there were as _ as ten thousand strangers in London , engaged in one hundred and twenty .	there	many	strangers
There was massive eating done in those days , when the guests dined at eleven , rose from the banquet to go to evening prayers , and returned to a supper at five or six , which was often as _ as the dinner .	which	substantial	dinner
The theatres opened as _ as one o'clock and not later than three in the afternoon .	theatres	early	o'clock
He plays as _ as anybody .	He	fair	anybody
the illusion goes , and the stage is about as _ as the house .	stage	real	house
The streets were as _ as day .	streets	light	day
Well , that is acting , as _ as a sonnet , the perfection of training , skill in an art .	that	artificial	sonnet
Yes , my heart is as _ as my face .	heart	old	face
Who says that a woman can not be as _ as a man .	woman	cruel	man
What an inspiration , indeed , for all poor boys were the names of Hollowell and Henderson , which were as _ as the name of the President .	Hollowell	familiar	name
Fairchild , why this is not as _ as a reception at St.	this	good	reception
IV Edith 's day had been as _ as Jack 's , notwithstanding she had put aside several things that demanded her attention .	day	busy	Jack
The library was as _ as ever , but did not appear to be used much as a library .	library	cozy	library
But success , obsequiousness , applause , the love of women , the concurrent good opinion of all humanitarians , are these not almost as _ as persecution .	success	dangerous	persecution
He knew that Carmen was as _ as a diamond , whatever even she might pretend for a purpose .	Carmen	passionless	diamond
His social prestige was as _ as his diplomatic , but it was now unquestioned , and he might be considered as one of the first of a class who are to reconcile social and political life in this country .	prestige	mysterious	one
The name of Fairfax was as _ as a letter of introduction in the metropolis , and the Major had lived on it for years , on that and a carefully nursed little income .	name	good	letter
She used to say that New York in matting and hollands was almost as _ as Buda .	York	nice	Buda
Henderson is as _ as anybody .	Henderson	safe	anybody
He 's as _ as any monk .	He	mediaeval	monk
shelves in the old farmhouse to which he had access , and the news had not been apprehended in this remote valley that the classics of literature were all as _ as dead and buried , and that the human mind had not really created anything worth modern notice before about the middle of the nineteenth century .	classics	good	dead
But although for many years Patience rarely left her home , until the habit of seclusion had become as _ as that of a nun who had taken the vows , no one knew so well as she the news and gossip of the neighborhood , and her power of learning or divining it seemed to increase with her years .	habit	fixed	that
Especially in the presence of fashion and wealth would the independent American citizen straighten his backbone , reassuring himself that he was as _ as anybody .	he	good	anybody
No one , except perhaps his own family , had ever discovered that he had any sensibilities that could be appealed to , and , if he had known the ideas beginning to take shape in the mind of the millionaire heiress in regard to this fortune , he would have approved or comprehended them as _ as did her mother .	he	little	mother
You seem as _ as your essayist .	You	vague	essayist
When I see the story I may take the other side and urge you to go on , even if you are as _ as a church .	you	poor	church
The naming of the book had been almost as _ as the creation .	naming	difficult	creation
it is almost as _ as the wilderness itself .	it	peaceful	wilderness
The landlord and the clerks had smiles as _ as the open doors .	landlord	wide	doors
collared , he comes out as _ as a daisy , and all ready to drum .	he	fresh	daisy
But the people are quite as _ as the scenery .	people	varied	scenery
I do n't believe they will be as _ as your cousin .	they	nice	cousin
I suppose it is as _ as any in the country .	it	unpleasant	any
I suppose it is as _ as Niagara .	it	interesting	Niagara
It may be a treacherous pause , this water may be as _ as that which rages below and exults in catching a boat or a man and bounding with the victim over the cataract .	water	cruel	that
XVI WHITE MOUNTAINS , LENNOX The White Mountains are as _ as ever , as fine in sharp outline against the sky , as savage , as tawny .	MOUNTAINS	high	tawny
tobacco was as _ as rum .	tobacco	odious	rum
The Knickerbocker pantheon is almost as _ as that of Olympus .	pantheon	real	that
is little more than a series of exhausting sieges and desperate battles , which would have been as _ as any in history if they had been attended with loss of life .	more	heroic	any
The meals in Peru are almost as _ as in Texas , .	meals	good	Texas
s heat in the south was so great that it caused the water to boil and thick vapour to obscure the sky , which was always as _ as night .	sky	dark	night
These assumptions , however , are absolutely inadmissible , for as _ as February .	assumptions	early	February
This expedition was almost as _ as the preceding one .	expedition	unsuccessful	one
He found the country distracted with religious feuds , in which the Protestants were as _ as the Catholics .	feuds	violent	Catholics
The spirit of the women of the country districts was thoroughly roused , and their opposition was as _ as that of their husbands .	opposition	formidable	that
The whole defence was as _ as these examples , except in a few particulars , and with the oral evidence against him , the committee could only come to one conclusion .	defence	weak	examples
this one is as _ as herself .	one	proud	herself
she seemed to think that the two young ladies were as _ as herself in that wonderful subject .	ladies	interested	herself
And it is just as _ as any ghost she is .	it	noiseless	ghost
The world around them lay in a trance as _ as death .	world	deep	death
and it was as _ as daylight to Mary .	it	clear	daylight
The cabin was as _ as an oven , too .	cabin	hot	oven
Dressed in an old American uniform , his tunic dragged along the ground , and his corkscrew trousers had their bottoms rolled up as _ as his knees .	bottoms	high	knees
But he is n't as _ as all that , Ma .	he	old	all
Percy , with her sad little heart lying as _ as a plummet in her breast , was just as bright and useful and entertaining to her cranky old friend as if life was a boon instead of a bane to her .	heart	heavy	plummet
Faithful , you 're as _ as a sheet .	you	white	sheet
I am getting as _ as Faithful .	I	bad	Faithful
After one of her interviews with Leighton , after an hour of throbbing , of trembling , of vivid but confused emotions , her face would be as _ as death , and her weakness such that she could hardly speak .	face	pale	death
The institution of marriage is as _ as the element of fire .	institution	beneficent	element
I had known , to be sure , some fifty presentiments which came to nothing , but then I had known as _ as three which had been verified .	I	many	three
Above these hills the white lighthouse loomed , the heated air trembling around it , and giving it so vague and misty a guise that , being by itself a thing of night and storm and darkness , it looked now as _ as a ghost by daylight .	it	unreal	ghost
she took up life with utter listlessness and indifference , and she fancied that her love for Andrew was as _ as all the rest .	love	dead	rest
for in this case the illusion before mentioned ceases altogether , and the effect of the edges is as _ as in any case that has come under our observation .	illusion	visible	case
The effect of this colour is as _ as its nature .	effect	peculiar	nature
In some of the early Flemish pictures in the Royal Gallery at Munich , it may be observed , that wherever an alteration was made by the painter , so that a light colour is painted over a dark one , the colour is as _ as in any of the more modern pictures which are generally contrasted with such works .	colour	opaque	any
Miss Staggles , who had been almost as _ as a sphinx , spoke now .	Staggles	silent	sphinx
She 's as _ as a lancet , and it 's difficult to deceive her .	She	sharp	lancet
On looking into the room , I saw that the housekeeper was lying in a swoon , one of the servants was in hysterics , while Simon Slowden , who was in the room , and the page boy looked as _ as sheets , and were trembling evidently with fear .	boy	white	sheets
I am as _ as to the origin of the ghost as he is , perhaps more so .	I	ignorant	origin
The streets is as _ as glass , and as crowded as herrin 's in a barrel .	streets	slippery	herrin
The tobacco plants grew up as _ as a little boy or girl , and spread out broad , green leaves .	plants	tall	boy
Why , it 's as _ as a pond is of sticklebacks .	it	full	pond
and , after a glance round to see that the Malays were all as _ as ever , Ned settled down again to think about the white hen .	Malays	watchful	ever
Your opinion should be as _ as any one else .	opinion	good	one
You Are as _ as Anyone .	You	Good	Anyone
or feeling that you are not as _ as someone else .	you	good	someone
It should be as _ as anyone 's else .	It	good	else
We say a man is as _ as the weather .	man	changeable	weather
My Will is as _ as anyone 's else .	Will	strong	else
it is as _ as the air that blew over the Pharaohs .	it	fresh	air
it is as _ as the sun that looked down on the completion of Cheops .	it	undimmed	sun
it is as _ as the earth that was trodden by the cavemen .	it	unworn	earth
My mind is just as _ as a man 's .	mind	good	man
Now he caught up a rock as _ as his own head , raised it high with arms on which the muscles stood out like ropes .	he	large	head
With them Wing Biddlebaum had picked as _ as a hundred and forty quarts of strawberries in a day .	Biddlebaum	high	hundred
It sat on the back of an express wagon and they were on the seat as _ as anything .	they	unconcerned	anything
His face became as _ as the fleece of the lamb that , now finding itself suddenly released , ran down the hill .	face	white	fleece
Doctor Reefy 's office was as _ as a barn .	office	large	barn
But this is as _ as the third and fourth centuries A.	this	late	centuries
Every man 's own trouble is as _ as a camel .	trouble	large	camel
the unwilling eyes Shed tears as _ as the thunder .	eyes	heavy	thunder
How can Ossep help it if your daughter is as _ as straw and has a mouth three ells long .	daughter	dumb	straw
Perhaps you are as _ as Solomon .	you	wise	Solomon
He is as _ as a god .	He	handsome	god
She got out of the room quickly , so that no one would find out that her hair was as _ as everything else .	hair	false	everything
There she rose as _ as death , Stars above and stars beneath .	she	white	death
thin moon , The flocking stars that led , A breeze set in from sea Most odorous with spice , And streamed among big stars that hung Thin mists as _ as ice .	that	white	ice
fame to the truly cultivated should be fully as _ as traveling hopefully toward fame .	fame	enjoyable	traveling
and so on all the way down between the shores of age to the higher mathematics , bank failures , and the occasional editor whose word is not as _ as his bond .	editor	good	bond
And this , they say , is about as _ as a large city ever becomes .	this	poetic	city
We made Bryant ruin a gift as _ as Wordsworth 's , in journalism .	Bryant	elemental	Wordsworth
They are as _ as extremes usually are .	They	rare	extremes
and who was as _ as a spaniel .	who	sagacious	spaniel
She is as _ as an ogress , and has an upper lip which many a cornet of the Lifeguards might envy .	She	big	ogress
In the morning we were all as _ as bees .	we	brisk	bees
our vulgarities and our insolences may , perhaps , make us as _ as that high breeding which we assume to possess .	vulgarities	remarkable	breeding
Her travelling bandboxes must be as _ as omnibuses .	bandboxes	large	omnibuses
They seem as _ as the Milor of old days .	They	rich	Milor
And they all laughed again , and took home the child to the palace , where , when she was washed and combed , and had one of the Princess 's frocks given to her , she looked as _ as Angelica , almost .	she	handsome	Angelica
They are as _ as our milk .	They	white	milk
Some of the shafts were nearly as _ as the central shaft of the Hoosac .	Some	deep	shaft
Now ' this representation is just as _ as the story about the colloquy .	representation	false	story
The British horse is as _ as history .	horse	old	history
There is no good reason why a stable should not be as _ as any other part of a gentleman .	reason	clean	part
And it is as _ as gospel .	it	true	gospel
But the prejudice against the Continentals in horsemanship is as _ as many other opinions that are cherished there .	prejudice	insular	opinions
I have inspected and bought as _ as twenty in a day , giving not more than fifteen or twenty minutes to each horse .	I	many	twenty
the oars dipped as _ as so many knives , without a sparkle , the gallant fellows stretched out , and away shot the Dragon .	oars	clean	knives
advised for a girl in her first winter , and especially when she starts as _ as Sylvia .	she	late	Sylvia
Sylvia was as _ as a child at the idea of coming down to spend the night , stipulating that if it was still cold she should be allowed to make taffy and put it on the shed to harden , saying , with a pout .	Sylvia	pleased	child
You poor innocent , you 're as _ as Sylvia herself .	you	bad	Sylvia
Why , yes , they 're as _ as divorced , by mutual agreement , though .	they	good	divorced
And its story is as _ as its face .	story	beautiful	face
Now at closer range the aureole has slightly faded , though you are as _ as ever , Frank , dear .	you	handsome	ever
For thirty miles the track is as _ as an arrow , and before the gleaming headlight of the engine shows on the track the watchers at the stations can see the trembling light in the distant sky beyond the sixteen .	track	straight	arrow
The material is as _ as native labourers and operatives are deficient .	material	superabundant	labourers
With the end of her knife she slipped a piece as _ as a nut into the pan , where it melted and spluttered .	she	large	nut
He 's as _ as any man , look at his legs , they 're that solid .	He	strong	man
The head which was as _ as a clenched fist was wide and short , the turned .	head	large	fist
My sense of smell was now as _ as that of my dogs .	sense	keen	that
This dale is as _ as the town .	dale	unattractive	town
His little hut was as _ as a cellar , except that the birds chirped and sang , and the two of us would lie on the cold stove , wrapped in everything possible , listening to the singing of the birds .	hut	cold	cellar
It was as _ as milk and framed in a black beard sprinkled here and there with gray .	It	white	milk
I noticed that , though his face was as _ as that of a corpse , the beautiful eyes of the gentleman mocked at me .	face	grave	that
My days were as _ as the night , and I stood alone on the earth , like the moon in heaven , except that I gave no light .	days	dark	night
Sir Kay thought the boy had probably run away from the farm belonging to some Abbey where he had not had enough to eat , and he promised that if Gareth would work well he would feed him until he was as _ as a pigeon .	he	plump	pigeon
you are as _ as any knight .	you	noble	knight
If it should happen that I prove victor , as _ as heaven , I will make her my wife .	I	true	heaven
Perhaps , ' said the father , ' for your heart is as _ as snow .	father	pure	snow
Pelleas gazed at her and wondered to himself whether the famous Queen Guinevere herself was as _ as this maiden .	Guinevere	beautiful	maiden
My God , my hate for him is as _ as my love for you .	hate	strong	love
My son Abel is as _ as Gerald .	son	old	Gerald
He had never heard that lions were to be found in Montana , and his surprise was almost as _ as his terror .	surprise	great	terror
I believe the peasant woman is as _ as the average woman anywhere .	woman	virtuous	woman
His moustache would do credit to any dragoon , And his voice is as _ as a double bassoon .	voice	deep	bassoon
If you were a terrier , the roof of your mouth would be as _ as my hat , ' said the boy decisively .	roof	black	hat
There was a lake in a wooded hollow in front of the Abbey , a long low pile of stone , the newest part of which was as _ as the days of the last Tudor .	part	old	days
If Queen Victoria were to drop in unexpectedly to luncheon , my aunt would be as _ as one of her own early cucumbers , and would insist on showing the Queen her stables , and possibly her pigs .	aunt	cool	one
This is almost as _ as Arabic .	This	bad	Arabic
exclaimed Bessie , starting up and upsetting the petted Persian , which had been reposing in her lap , and which now skulked off resentfully , with a swollen tail , to hide its indignation under a chair , ' you are as _ as an oracle .	you	bad	oracle
Miss Wendover came over to make the same request , and Urania sang the last fashionable ballad , ' Blind Man 's Holiday , ' in a hard chilly voice which was as _ as a voice well could be without being actually out of tune .	voice	unpleasant	voice
I am as _ as the rest of my sex , ' he said to himself .	I	weak	rest
Very well , ' said Bess , meekly , ' I will be as _ as the grave .	I	silent	grave
flown affectation of chivalry he was as _ as Bayard .	he	chivalrous	Bayard
I ca n't fancy anybody doing anything else in such a room , ' said Ida , to whom the spacious chamber looked as _ as a charnel .	chamber	gloomy	charnel
He is quite as _ as those Irish Absentees who are continually getting murdered .	He	bad	Absentees
No , she is as _ as steel .	she	true	steel
This to me would be as _ as Cathay .	This	bad	Cathay
and when the gipsies come this way him and them is as _ as thaves .	them	thick	thaves
no , I am as _ as a baby .	I	innocent	baby
and he had been quite as _ as his elders of the unpleasantness of the scene .	he	conscious	elders
and yet there was no substantial amelioration of his state , and his latest fit of the horrors , which occurred only a night ago , had been quite as _ as the first which Towler had witnessed .	fit	bad	first
You 're as _ as gold , .	You	good	gold
which should be as _ as death itself .	which	final	death
At one side a big stone fireplace looked as _ as a tomb .	fireplace	dead	tomb
The air was just as _ as green water .	air	cold	water
The sight of the threadbare sofa was as _ as the face of an old friend .	sight	reassuring	face
Donaldson hung up the receiver , which had grown in his hand as _ as lead .	which	heavy	lead
the barrier between his brain and Donaldson 's brain was as _ as that between the man .	barrier	high	that
Again , it has been said that in proportion to the size of the particles the distance at which they revolve round the centre of the atom is as _ as the distance from the earth to the sun .	distance	great	distance
They looked as _ as any one I have ever seen in my life .	They	solid	one
so that the Word is as _ as the Law for the fulfilment of the Promises .	Word	necessary	Law
He will probably experience difficulty in producing writing as _ as the medi .	He	small	medi
made papers , specially prepared for writing and illuminating , make excellent substitutes for vellum , although , of course , paper is never as _ as vellum .	paper	durable	vellum
Illumination seems to be bound up with book production , and , if the modern collector could only see that a fine illuminated manuscript was a work of art as _ as a picture for a permanent possession , there ought to be a fair demand for the work of the modern illuminator .	manuscript	desirable	picture
but then , to be sure , some folks ai n't as _ as others .	folks	particular	others
And you are not sure that the effect of it , after you get it down , will be as _ as a well .	effect	good	well
For my part , I think men are naturally twice as _ as women .	men	wasteful	women
In lands which have Sabbaths of mere amusement , mere gala days , republics rise and fall as _ as children 's card .	republics	quick	card
The hundreds of hands that these things require to carry them on are the hands of human beings , whose right to this merciful pause of rest is as _ as their humanity .	beings	clear	humanity
Good religious fiction , thoughtfully read , may be quite as _ as any other reading .	fiction	profitable	reading
They are as _ as yellow butterflies in autumn .	They	numerous	butterflies
She seldom sits there , and spends most of her leisure in her own room , which is as _ as a bee 's cell .	room	tidy	cell
But though I was as _ as one of the saints , it did no good .	I	exemplary	one
which must have been at least as _ as the vth century , it exhibits the result of what may be called a collation of copies made at a time when only four of our extant uncials were in existence .	which	old	century
This version may be as _ as the vth century .	version	old	century
It is much to be regretted that we are still as _ as ever in possession of the lost work of Eusebius .	we	little	ever
which shews that the Lectionary system of the Eastern Church in this respect is at least as _ as the ivth century .	system	old	century
The passage , however , is as _ as the second century , for it is found in certain copies of the old Latin .	passage	old	century
but the varieties are almost as _ as the MSS .	varieties	numerous	MSS
C is certainly as _ as Cod .	C	old	Cod
it was as _ as Meerut .	it	salubrious	Meerut
in breadth , from which it appears that it is as _ as Scotland and much larger than Hanover .	it	large	Scotland
From the printed lists , it would appear that they are almost as _ as the covenanted appointments , for there are no less than .	they	numerous	appointments
If then you feel in your conscience that you are as _ as Cain , and if sins clamour around you which are as dangerous as his , and which cry out for judgment upon you , accept the assurance that the blood of Christ has a yet louder cry for mercy .	you	guilty	his
His absence from us is as _ as His presence .	absence	needful	presence
but faith makes eternity as _ as time and gives substantial existence to that new and limitless future in which we shall have time to forget the sorrows and live past the losses of this present world .	faith	real	time
But the patience of Isaac was quite as _ as the faith of Abraham .	patience	remarkable	faith
they were transferred into a land where government had been so long established and law had come to be so thoroughly administered that life and property were as _ as among ourselves to .	life	safe	ourselves
Our column marched mournfully along , as _ as a funeral procession .	column	sad	procession
But Marcel was as _ as the sphinx .	Marcel	calm	sphinx
I would have given much to know what it was , but I was as _ as the drummer .	I	ignorant	drummer
That is to say , the combined expenditures of the State and national governments gave a rate as _ as that prevailing in France before the outbreak of the Revolution .	expenditures	high	that
Moldings are as _ as architecture , and vary with schools of architecture .	Moldings	old	architecture
He is not as _ as men of his rank generally are .	He	selfish	men
and they are as _ as door .	they	common	door
They have all been treated with chemicals , and their beauty of complexion is just as _ as any rouged and bepowdered courtesan 's .	beauty	artificial	courtesan
My bodie is little , but my minde is as _ as a Giants .	minde	great	Giants
The answer fell as _ as sleep , .	answer	soft	sleep
So completely enveloped is the reader in the atmosphere of the opulent world about him , so deeply does he realize the primeval forces rushing tumultuous through that world , that at times the human figures seem as _ as those in Corot 's landscapes .	figures	subordinate	those
that poetry irrespective of rhyme and metrical arrangement which is as _ as the heart of man , is distinctive in Mr.	which	immortal	heart
MY DEAR BROTHER , The account which you will receive by this post of the King , is as _ as any of the others .	BROTHER	favourable	any
But I trust that danger is as _ as the death of any man can reasonably be said to be .	danger	remote	death
Indeed , it will become as _ as a Directory in every office .	it	necessary	Directory
and with this water you may make steele as _ as lead .	you	soft	lead
Take powder of Loadstone , and of flints , a like quantity of either , and with whites of egges , and gumme dragant , make paste , and in a few dayes it will grow as _ as a stone .	it	hard	stone
I hear that when they go out to dinner she sits as _ as a fish .	she	dumb	fish
by implicating me , the case against her was as _ as the day .	case	clear	day
for a moment even her nerve failed her , but she conquered her weakness and went on calmly , and her grey Irish eyes were as _ as ice as she looked at Toni .	eyes	cold	ice
Dowson was as _ as Toni .	Dowson	primitive	Toni
and in its place gave an air of cynical maturity , which , reckoning by actual length of years , was as _ as the former illusion .	air	deceptive	illusion
His voice was as _ as ice .	voice	cold	ice
His girth is as _ as his length , in fact , it has been often observed that his great circumference and too .	girth	great	length
My mistress was as _ as the wind , and soon passed me , but as she passed me she caught me by the hand , and dragged me along at a pace that with difficulty I could keep my legs .	mistress	fleet	wind
But although the old fellow was as _ as a Jew , he found such fault with the lady 's conduct that he left all his money away from her .	fellow	rich	Jew
women are as _ as dirt .	women	cheap	dirt
we sat still in the boat , just keeping her head to the stream with the oars , and , being without our shirts , the sun scorching and blistering our backs , till past noon , during which time we must have drifted nearly twenty miles up the river , which was as _ as the arm of a sea at the entrance .	river	broad	arm
The water was as _ as glass , and we made rapid progress , and did not discontinue our exertions , except now and then resting for a few moments , till the morning dawned , when we could hardly distinguish the island we had left , and found ourselves about five miles from the mainland .	water	smooth	glass
The next morning we all carried home our loads , and mine was as _ as any of the others , if not larger .	mine	large	any
Why , this great ship was as _ as any building on land .	ship	safe	building
We had one or two in our College and they were just as _ as anyone there .	they	bright	anyone
Horse meat is almost as _ as beef in Berlin .	meat	common	beef
But he was foolish enough to take out the cork , and the genii , escaping , became as _ as a mountain , and could n't be squeezed back into the bottle .	genii	big	mountain
We want a name that will include every American citizen who has a drop of Negro blood in his or her veins , let them be as _ as snow or as black as soot , and that name is .	them	white	soot
It was as _ as a summer 's day , and we lay down by the roadside to rest in the high grass .	It	warm	day
we shot small birds with guns as _ as ourselves .	we	big	ourselves
Had he exercised any casuistry about the point , however , he might have argued that these papers , according to all appearance , dated from a period to which his own hereditary claims ascended , and to circumstances in which his own rightful interest was as _ as that of Mr.	circumstances	strong	that
There is one house of which the ancient staircase still remaining is as _ as the year .	house	old	year
As her prices are as _ as the objects are numerous , every purse may be accommodated , as there are some as low as a sou , whilst there are others which rise as high as twenty pounds , the charge elevating according to the degree of ornament or utility .	prices	various	pounds
Blanche , whose dealings I can assure them are as _ as his name .	Blanche	pure	name
We 're as _ as night is from day .	We	different	night
When it comes to humanizing a man , rounding him out , which is the purpose of college life , they 're just as _ as a course in the sciences .	they	essential	course
I 'm as _ as those little wrens I hear cheeping up there somewhere .	I	hungry	wrens
It 's as _ as a dime and feels like a prune .	It	big	dime
and I 'm as _ as a child , or a god , or a bird , or any completely happy thing you can fancy .	I	happy	child
It 's not as _ as Graham 's offer , .	It	good	offer
Roberts ' eyes were as _ as his voice .	eyes	steady	voice
Is it really as _ as that , as hopeless .	it	bad	hopeless
He 's dismissed the maid they had and the place looks as _ as a barn .	place	cheerful	barn
It 's as _ as the universe .	It	big	universe
There was no moon , and out on the desert the night was as _ as a pocket .	night	dark	pocket
These lunch cloths of mine are becoming as _ as soap or quinine .	cloths	staple	soap
he stood up , his great hands clenched until they were as _ as the scar itself .	they	white	scar
The new Italian army , formed on the nucleus of the Sardinian army and led by veterans of Novara and Solferino , was as _ as the whole allied army of .	army	strong	army
But those which were the most numerous were as _ as snow , their wings large , their ends lightly crenated and ciliated , forming a fringed border , faintly marked with little black crescents , their points downward , with a cluster of little brilliant orbs of blue and crimson , on the nether wings near the body .	those	white	snow
It is as _ as a man .	It	large	man
coloured feathers , all which form a tuft , or tassel , nearly as _ as one .	tuft	large	one
Their body is as _ as that of a horse .	body	large	that
these are as _ as the finest polished ivory , and are not covered by any skin or lips , and always in sight , which gives the creature a frightful appearance .	these	white	ivory
These rich low grounds when drained and ridged , are as _ as the natural high land , and vastly more durable , especially for Sugar .	grounds	productive	land
of these I shall mention is a perfect white , except the prime quill feathers , which are as _ as those of a crow .	feathers	black	those
with respect to venom it is as _ as a worm , and seems to be familiar with man .	it	innocent	worm
They are as _ as a worm with respect to venom , are easily tamed and soon become very familiar .	They	innocent	worm
s house , which were as _ as snow , and their eyes red .	house	white	snow
some of these vines are as _ as a man .	some	thick	man
This painting of the flesh , I understand , is performed in their youth , by pricking the skin with a needle , until the blood starts , and rubbing in a blueish tinct , which is as _ as their life .	tinct	permanent	life
Her sweet , kind Face as _ as a Shroud .	Her	white	Shroud
shop in a very agreeable situation , overshadowed by plane trees , one of which is nearly as _ as that of the seraglio , and also quite hollow .	one	large	that
it is as _ as a canary .	it	yellow	canary
He was as _ as Deerfoot , with broad shoulders , muscular arms and legs , clear , keen eyes , a fine chest and a symmetrical frame .	He	tall	Deerfoot
Bowlby had managed to find his tongue , and his queries were about twice as _ as those of his companion .	queries	numerous	those
The Irish lad was fully as _ as the other , and he did not lose an inch of the gain thus given him .	lad	skillful	other
I hope Fred will be as _ as mesilf .	Fred	fortynate	mesilf
there is n't any one in the wide world whose company I want as _ as yours .	I	bad	yours
The action of the hybrid was as _ as his appearance .	action	peculiar	appearance
He observed it in his breathing , which was as _ as that of an infant .	breathing	soft	that
day would have been as _ as a beaten path .	day	distinct	path
So faint was the mark of the trail opposite that even with the help of the moonbeams , it took an eye as _ as that of Deerfoot to tell where his enemies would appear .	it	keen	that
Though his passion had the glow of the furnace , he was as _ as death .	he	calm	death
This was not as _ as the other and they did not stop to make rafts .	This	deep	other
but they would be liable to pursuit , and , when a white borderer takes to the trail , he can be as _ as the red man himself , though , as I have said , had they been eager to shoot the boy , they would not have been stopped by that knowledge .	he	persistent	man
These centaurs of the central plateaux , scarce ever setting foot upon the earth , when afoot are almost as _ as birds with their wings plucked or pinioned .	afoot	helpless	birds
Here 's that in the disposal of our goods we may be as _ as in their purchase .	we	successful	purchase
Ugarte cared nothing for that , he had been as _ as his word , and the devil in his heart was satisfied .	he	good	word
A SONG I am as _ as a child That weeps upon its mother 's breast For joy of comforting .	I	weary	child
I am as _ as a bird Blown by wild winds far out to sea When it regains its nest .	I	weary	bird
I am as _ as one of the gourds of Confucius .	I	dry	one
that the town would soon be as _ as Williamsburg , or Annapolis , or Philadelphia for such things .	town	good	Williamsburg
It must be as _ as a chess .	It	open	chess
The caress was as _ as thistle .	caress	light	thistle
and my consciousness is as _ as any other man 's .	consciousness	valid	man
I 'm afraid they 'd have been as _ as a herd of buffalo .	they	big	herd
And the Myrmidon was certainly just as _ as Forrester himself , or any other hireling of the Gods .	Myrmidon	mortal	Forrester
At any rate , it was as _ as anything else that was happening to him , he thought .	it	real	anything
The third face was as _ as Gerda 's , though in an entirely different way .	face	unmistakable	Gerda
It had n't been anywhere near as _ as the Investiture he had gone through to become a demi .	It	simple	Investiture
all of 'em ai n't as _ as givin ' up his best friend .	all	hard	givin
Allan , an ' he minded as _ as any of 'em .	he	good	any
He was as _ as that squaw who would n't give you her mukluks .	He	bad	squaw
This was as _ as clerical charges of the kind usually were in the period .	This	true	charges
argue this belief is as _ as to whistle against the winds .	belief	fruitless	whistle
Lardner 's candour is as _ as his learning .	candour	uncommon	learning
but in this case the process of unification was to the full as _ as the first steps .	process	important	steps
doctrine of the historic Church he took up positions which were as _ as Abailard , and which were one day to become respectable .	positions	old	Abailard
The great negro orator , Frederick Douglas , was as _ as Lincoln .	orator	heterodox	Lincoln
before the College of Physicians , Lawrence severely retaliated , repudiating the general charge , but reasserting that the dependence of life on organization is as _ as the derivation of daylight from the sun .	dependence	clear	derivation
to show you that I do n't bear any grudge , I 'll pay my footing , and I 'll be as _ as that blasted millionaire of a .	I	generous	millionaire
I 'm as _ as an unborn baby , sir , and I only ask you to confront .	I	innocent	baby
The trooper 's fingers were as _ as wax , and he soon repeated his request with a similar result .	fingers	white	wax
He was as _ as his word , and in the afternoon the Captain turned up at the barracks and sent for me .	He	good	word
The bullying of privates by Corporals and Sergeants is as _ as in my time , the officers are jealous of each other , and , instead of encouraging privates so as to make them love their .	bullying	bad	time
This sentiment is corroborated by the fact , that in the vine countries of France , where weak wines are as _ as cider , in a plentiful season in Pennsylvania , and where all , poor and rich , drink of them freely , there is comparatively no drunkenness .	countries	abundant	cider
Sometimes her face seemed as _ as that of a young child , and alive with eerie fancies .	face	small	that
that 's as _ as London .	that	English	London
Here were thousands of books as _ as my four wonder .	Here	good	wonder
There was money in all our pockets , and our money was as _ as any man 's , and our hearts were as free and generous .	money	good	man
But Teddy Roosevelt was as _ as a cucumber through it all .	Roosevelt	cool	cucumber
The hailstones came down as _ as marbles , causing the horses to jump around in a fashion that was particularly dangerous to themselves and to their owners .	hailstones	large	marbles
One cowboy who was as _ as anybody in the command was christened The Parson , and a fine , high .	cowboy	rough	anybody
Once , in the thickest of the brush , he grabbed up a gun and began to shoot with us , and I reckon he fired as _ as anybody there , for he had had lots of practice while hunting .	he	straight	anybody
It was as _ as ever , with no sign of rain .	It	hot	ever
lights in operation , and it can truthfully be said that for once the metropolis was as _ as day .	metropolis	light	day
When the meeting was over , they went off as _ as a lot of children , and one of them said , ' Say , fellows , Teddy 's just all right yet , ai n't he .	they	happy	lot
His enjoyment of bathing is as _ as ever , and his boys love to go into the water with him .	enjoyment	great	ever
But , ' said their host , ' if you get at the heart of the giant , you will find it as _ as one of your elephants .	you	large	one
By the time we were all seated , she was as _ as death .	she	quiet	death
Are you going to pluck my wings till they are as _ as an egg .	they	bare	egg
and although she was as _ as ever , there was more elegance in her motions , and more music in her voice .	she	wild	ever
He brought me here as _ as a blind man 's cur .	He	true	cur
out from my window , and that the east was as _ as the north for a boy in a fever .	east	bad	north
I was as _ as happy youth in general is to sleeplessness .	I	unused	youth
nay , perhaps , the thing itself is as _ as the Dodo .	thing	extinct	Dodo
the brass buttons at his back were nearly as _ as the handles of an ordinary chest of drawers .	buttons	large	handles
that would be almost as _ as at the Hall .	that	bad	Hall
Long was as _ as wax .	Long	close	wax
They ask all sorts of curious questions about him , whether he is not as _ as the mountains , whether he can not bring the dead to life , and I have no doubt for many years after his death he will be looked upon as a deity and expected to come back again .	he	old	deity
It is as _ as the relation of plants in South .	It	anomalous	relation
To the few this is as _ as daylight , and beautifully suggestive , but to many it is evidently a stumbling .	this	clear	daylight
I have been much interested by your letter , which is as _ as daylight .	letter	clear	daylight
for by odd chance I told Frank a week ago that next spring he must collect at Cambridge lots of Cerambyx moschatus , for as _ as life he would find the odour sexual .	he	sure	life
All is as _ as daylight .	All	clear	daylight
The black objects are twice as _ as before , moving about with increased animation .	objects	numerous	before
just now they are as _ as snow .	they	white	snow
but he goes to work every day , and I am as _ as a queen .	I	happy	queen
it was as _ as a nut .	it	brown	nut
The five larger States had a population that was nearly twice as _ as the remaining eight States .	population	great	States
the members most tenacious of republicanism were as _ as any in declaiming against the evils of democracy .	members	loud	any
and , to me , the most encouraging sign of the times is the persistent evidence of contemporary literature that thoughtful men now recognize that much of our boasted progress was as _ as a rainbow .	much	unreal	rainbow
This is as _ as Naaman , who was jealous for Abana and Pharpar .	This	old	Naaman
holder in Berlin wool , and an odd garter of knitting , which was as _ as the chimney before I had done with it .	garter	black	chimney
And I would think too of that other war which is as _ as mankind , and is indeed the life of man .	war	old	mankind
How the roads wander , how the castle sits upon the hill , how the sun eradiates from behind the cloud , and how the congregated clouds themselves uproll , as _ as bolsters .	clouds	stiff	bolsters
He is as _ as steel , and for no one will he bend right or left .	He	true	steel
six hours , and yet we have telegrams from Bona to say the sea there is as _ as a mirror .	hours	calm	mirror
Murray , was from home , though the two Jenkin boys were of course as _ as colliers , and all the castaways so wetted through that , as they stood in the passage , pools formed about their feet and ran before them into the house , yet Mrs.	boys	black	colliers
You may be as _ as the rest of us , but your feelings , your prejudices are with the despoilers of labor , the oppressors of the lowly .	You	poor	rest
But her chief characteristic was a certain calm sweetness in expression and manner , a certain gentle tact that made her presence as _ as a strain of sweet music .	that	soothing	strain
He was about as _ as a fish then , and his pulse has been going down ever since .	He	warm	fish
I thought she had best be on the ground floor in case of fire , and this room was as _ as any in the house .	room	safe	any
Chinatown was as _ as on the night of my last visit , and such lights as were to be seen shone through closed shutters and barred doors .	Chinatown	forbidding	night
Big Sam was as _ as his word .	Sam	good	word
They were as _ as my own character .	They	sincere	character
The child of Anais was as _ as herself .	child	beautiful	herself
and his wife , who was the last of all , was as _ as the others .	wife	demonstrative	others
Hervagault 's plausibility was as _ as ever , and , little by little , he told the story of his persecution , and passed himself off as a distressed royalist .	plausibility	great	royalist
The fare of the family was as _ as their dwelling .	fare	simple	dwelling
He said it was a question whether the internal evidence in the documents of spuriousness and forgery was not quite as _ as the evidence resulting from the examination of their handwriting .	evidence	strong	evidence
she had no misgiving about handling it now , and it looked as _ as ever , for of course the man in the shrubbery could not know that it was unloaded , and she made sure he would not put its being so to the test .	it	formidable	ever
The street children , playing after the rain , were as _ as ever , without a thought of her distress .	children	gleeful	ever
So I just sent Smithers off to bed , and lay down beside the dear little duck , and it has nestled in my arms all night , as _ as a ball of silk .	it	soft	ball
The young ones by this time had sent Pierre to the house with their flowers , and were lingering on Muriel 's croquet ground until Miss Martindale should persuade herself that she was not too grown up to play , a conclusion which she speedily arrived at on the appearance of the new comer , who was quite as _ as herself and seemed eager to begin .	who	advanced	herself
and their cries are as _ as fog .	cries	good	fog
a floating mass perhaps as _ as Ireland .	mass	large	Ireland
and there , from the margin of a fine sandy bay , a plain spread inland as _ as this ice .	spread	wide	ice
we now got our clothing wrung out and dried , the boat thoroughly baled , and by midday we were as _ as men so circumstanced might be .	we	comfortable	men
life , where insects are as _ as birds at home , the depth of the forest dingles , and the overpowering heat of the atmosphere , all served to impress me with novelty and strangeness .	life	large	birds
Surely this region must have been as _ as Illinois , Ohio , etc .	region	cold	Illinois
Cadmus casts a huge stone , as _ as a millstone , against him , but it falls harmless upon his scales , .	Cadmus	big	millstone
His heart shall be as _ as a stone , and as firm as a smith 's anvil .	heart	hard	anvil
if the particles of dust composing that tail had been as _ as those of clay .	tail	minute	those
Ordinarily Toinette 's reply would have been as _ as Cicely 's , but this time she just looked at her with her big eyes .	reply	sharp	Cicely
that is as _ as a pocket , I 'm sure .	that	dark	pocket
Stone , who was as _ as a match , and managed to glide about like a wraith .	Stone	thin	match
There was not a ray of light visible , but , happily , sight is not the only sense with which we are endowed , and Marie 's ears were as _ as her eyes .	ears	keen	eyes
their extreme youth , the light clear brown of their complexions , their delicate features , and inexpressibly graceful figures , their softly moulded limbs , and free unstudied action , seemed as _ as beautiful .	youth	strange	beautiful
why , it is as _ as a pike .	it	plain	pike
His head was as _ as the polished surface of a cocoa .	head	bald	surface
I could not avoid thinking that I had fallen in with a greatly traduced people , and I moralized not a little upon the disadvantage of having a bad name , which in this instance had given a tribe of savages , who were as _ as so many lambkins , the reputation of a confederacy of giant .	tribe	pacific	lambkins
the idols were quite as _ as any other logs of wood .	idols	harmless	logs
Still Moa Artua remains as _ as ever , and Kolory , seemingly losing his temper , fetches him a box over the head , strips him of his tappa and red cloth , and , laying him in a state of nudity in a little trough , covers him from sight .	Artua	quiet	ever
and on more than one occasion I had remarked that the islanders were nearly as _ as more civilized beings under similar circumstances .	islanders	irritable	beings
The old woman is as _ as steel , and she will conceal her suspicions all the more tenaciously , the stronger they are .	woman	staunch	steel
The chain of circumstances was indeed as _ as ever , but the old woman did not retain the smallest fear .	chain	strong	ever
She was as _ as the sunshine and as gay as a lark .	She	bright	lark
and I have no doubt that his conscience is as _ as his eyes .	conscience	clear	eyes
Parliament had now advanced further than ever in the direction of a breach with Rome , and had transferred the power of nomination to bishoprics from the Holy See to the Crown , and , what was as _ as significant , had dealt in a similar manner with the authority over Religious houses .	what	least	significant
and men of heart and sensibility were as _ as their master when they carried out his plans .	men	hard	master
His voice rang out with a melancholy triumph , and Ralph , looking at the two monks who stood in the centre of the room , saw that they were both as _ as paper .	they	white	paper
That was her voice speaking now , as _ as her eyes .	That	steady	eyes
and then when it was evident that the North was as _ as the South , began again his business of gathering in the wealth that was waiting .	North	submissive	South
The Prior 's silences had been as _ as his words .	silences	pregnant	words
Pollard raged at us for it , and told us that our gold was as _ as the rotten bones that we worshipped .	gold	counterfeit	bones
She was nearly as _ as her mother , but infinitely more tender .	She	silent	mother
He was as _ as the ordinary man , as the ordinary soldier .	He	brave	soldier
Possibly the court ladies held love as _ as this , and lovers but as playthings , butts for their wit , and pegs on which to hang their laughter .	ladies	cheap	playthings
and for Badelon , his knee was as _ as two with plaisters of his own placing .	knee	big	two
His realism is as _ as that of Chekhov , whose logical successor he has been acclaimed by Russian criticism .	realism	grey	that
His hands and feet are as _ as a man .	hands	large	man
mouthed fledgling , who is as _ as a conspirator , and as cautious as a coward .	fledgling	cunning	coward
We soon found that her mind was as _ as her person .	mind	charming	person
The moonlight rendered all this as _ as day , and , as Selina pointed out to her mistress , there was no place where a man could conceal himself .	moonlight	light	day
s masons , by comparison with their dim antiquity , seem as _ as the gadflies of a summer .	masons	evanescent	gadflies
when the port sent as _ as thirty .	port	many	thirty
But that ammonite was as _ as a saucer , and , considering that costly freight from the west , somewhat expensive ammunition .	ammonite	large	saucer
Longmore , when he thought of this , felt the force of his desire to offer her something of which she could be as _ as of the sun in heaven .	something	sure	sun
it represented almost aggressively to Longmore that she was as _ as her companion .	she	pleased	companion
Nay , I have heard a very intelligent person of mature age betray a confusion of thought altogether as _ as that of the poor boy .	person	laughable	that
children who , after years of watchful and anxious discipline , were as _ as the young of the wild beast dropped in the wilderness .	children	indomitable	young
You 're as _ as a wolf .	You	snappish	wolf
The bobolink sits on the basswood vines , and the thrush in the gooseberry tree is as _ as a hired man .	thrush	melodious	man
Only a few years ago , before I was exposed to this malady , I was as _ as a speckled yearling , and recked not of aught .	I	blithe	yearling
It was as _ as any of the fruit that we buy here , only that there was a little hole on one side , but that do n't hurt the fruit for immediate use .	It	good	any
treated at the railroad eating corral and omelette emporium , and that in consequence of such treatment we shed great scalding tears as _ as watermelons .	we	large	watermelons
Codfish on toast is not as _ as quail on toast .	Codfish	expensive	quail
Budlong could be as _ as steel with her husband or her servants .	Budlong	stern	steel
They may be as _ as a pea or as large as a hen .	They	small	hen
It was a small sum the cottage cost , but to the poor woman it was as _ as a million to a millionnaire .	it	big	million
It was decked over and caulked , so that it was as _ as a ship on the ocean .	it	tight	ship
And everything is just as _ as wax .	everything	neat	wax
On shore everything was as _ as the tomb .	everything	silent	tomb
Slacking off the sheet , he ran her aground in the sand behind the point , where the water was as _ as the lake in a calm .	point	smooth	lake
But the sloop , in her altered trim , was as _ as an old horse on a smooth road .	sloop	steady	horse
replied Paul , suppressing his risibles when he saw that Dory looked as _ as a judge .	Dory	serious	judge
keeper pressed Dory quite warmly to take the money , but the latter was as _ as a rock .	latter	firm	rock
But I must go up to the house and change my clothes , for I am as _ as a drowned rat .	I	wet	rat
Then it seemed to him that the son of toil was as _ as bagged .	son	good	bagged
Astonishing things happened in that early film drama , as _ as the hills now , but novel and sensational then .	things	old	hills
He went about looking depressed and wretched , and he was as _ as a sheet after an interview with the commander of a French destroyer , who informed him that he could wait no longer .	he	white	sheet
I was as _ as a Bulgarian peasant , and exhausted with hunger , when at last I reached Sofia .	I	dirty	peasant
We stuck to our job , and were rewarded by a clapping of hands from ladies and maidservants in the neighboring windows , so that our broomsticks seemed as _ as the lances of chivalry .	broomsticks	heroic	lances
The proprietor of one of the Belfast hotels led me down into his cellars and showed me cases of rifles stacked as _ as the ceiling .	cases	high	ceiling
One of them , a buxom creature of middle age , drank champagne at night in the smoking saloon with one of the American Jews , enormously fat , foul in conversation , free with his money , who seemed to covet her favor , and was jealous of a young Turk who , unlike others of his race aboard , was as _ as a schoolboy and played pranks all day long up and down the ship .	Turk	noisy	schoolboy
audience of the Marinsky theater , and the peasants , the workers , the underfed masses , there was a gulf as _ as between the profiteers and unemployed of England , wide though lower down the scale of life on both sides .	gulf	wide	profiteers
The chap took a watch out of his vest pocket about as _ as a ninepence , and sez he .	chap	big	ninepence
What they could be for I had n't the least notion , but I kept a bright look out to see what cousin John did , and when I saw him dip his fingers into his bowl and wipe 'em on a sort of red towel which the nigger brought along with the bowls , I jest went over the manoeuvre as _ as life .	jest	natural	life
Wal , you see I 'm as _ as my word .	I	good	word
It war n't two minits afore my teeth was as _ as a nigger 's .	teeth	white	nigger
though I believe arter all that the true ginuine lords and counts that come out here are as _ as hen 's teeth .	lords	scarce	teeth
There war n't the least mite of red in her face , and her hair was all frizzley , and done up in a leetle bunch , about as _ as a hen 's egg behind .	mite	big	egg
they were as _ as crows , and I could n't say which glistened the most , their tarnal smooth coots , or the harness put over them .	they	black	crows
Instead of being dressed out like a thing sot up for a show , she had n't nothing on but a harnsome silk frock , and a leetle narrow velvet ribbon tied round her harnsome black hair , that was brushed till it looked as _ as a crow 's back .	it	bright	back
She raly do n't know how to cut a dash , and yet her husband is as _ as a Jew .	husband	rich	Jew
This New Year 's day here in York is sartainly as _ as a show , .	day	good	show
The feller looked at me as _ as a needle , and he begun tu fumble over a paper , as if he did n't know exactly what he wanted .	feller	sharp	needle
It was shaped kinder like a horse shoe , the floor was chuck full of benches , kivered over with red cushions , and there was four galleries all pillared off and painted , and set off with gold and great blazing glass things that made every thing look as _ as day .	thing	bright	day
Jest over the pen where the fiddlers sot , hung a great picter as _ as the side of a house .	sot	big	side
They seemed as _ as clams in high water .	They	happy	clams
but it did n't seem much whiter than her forehead and neck , for they were as _ as the froth on a pail of new milk afore it is strained .	they	white	froth
It was as _ as day , for there seemed to be candles out of sight among the pillars , besides a row of lamps that stood along the pen where the musicianers sot .	It	light	day
and that I put my name tu as _ as life .	I	large	life
I heard the old maid squeak out , as _ as vinegar .	maid	sour	vinegar
how I wish you would read the story about her , it 's as _ as the Pilgrim 's Progress any day .	it	good	Progress
The milliner looked up as _ as a kitten , as if she had n't the least idee what he meant .	milliner	innocent	kitten
you look as _ as a shad in summer .	you	thin	shad
house is as _ as grass can be .	house	green	grass
they looked as _ as linen , every mite .	they	good	linen
It was as _ as print , and as fine as a spider 's web , but I could n't make out a word of it to save my life .	It	plain	web
The head of the pin was as _ as a shag .	head	big	shag
If Miss Elssler ai nt to hum I 'll make tracks and cum agin , it ai nt no trouble , I 'd just as _ as not , but I guess I 'll leave this ere letter for fear she may want it .	I	livs	not
The man who keeps the door at the Park Theatre did n't seem to know me at fust , but the minit I writ out my name the hull length , and handed it over , curlecues and all , and told him I wanted the Astor House box , he was as _ as a basket of chips .	he	perlite	basket
a purty leetle finefied hand as _ as curd , and that looked eenamost as soft too .	leetle	white	soft
Some of the critters that I 'd thought so darned harnsome were as _ as the hills , and as homely as a sassafras root , close tu .	harnsome	old	root
If a lord behaves himself like folks , he 's as _ as a Yankee any day .	he	good	Yankee
It raly was eenamost as _ as a play , to hear him reel out the common sense and soft sodder about this land of liberty and old England .	It	good	play
Arter this we mixed in the talk altogether , like lemon , and sugar , and brandy in a punch bowl , as _ as so many chickens in a coop , till by .	we	sociable	chickens
and the old man that now draws his twenty dollars a month , will be the founder of a line , jest as _ as any that ever sprung up in the heart of old England .	that	noble	any
Marm shook her head agin , and her face was as _ as a gal that 's got the mitten , and sez she , .	face	solemncholy	gal
arter that , you 'll see me at the office as _ as life , and twice as nat ' ral .	you	large	life
My grit riz at it , for the old mare looked as _ as a shad .	grit	lank	shad
with that I took a marching step and went down stairs heads up , and with the gal hanging on my arm , as _ as a cork .	gal	independent	cork
The President he was as _ as a blackbird , with the gals around him a smiling and a twitterin as tickled as so many trout round a bait .	he	chipper	trout
If your tongue was only half as _ as your face now , you could a done it as slick agin .	tongue	greasy	agin
it 's eenamost as _ as stealen .	it	bad	stealen
The Captin he was as _ as any thing .	he	good	thing
flowers and fruits from Boston and Cambridge , and a basket of champagne from a Concord friend whose company is as _ as the sparkling wine he sent us .	friend	exhilarating	wine
She is as _ as an old macaw , or she would not have lasted so long .	She	tough	macaw
nude exposure , looked to me as _ as our own half .	exposure	unhappy	half
They are all through as _ as bright spring .	They	clear	spring
A wig , sir , is as _ as a woman .	wig	capricious	woman
I protest you look as _ as Pancras himself .	you	young	Pancras
Given occasion sir , Jack can be as _ as Bacchus .	Jack	abstemious	Bacchus
Joseph 's wolverine mouth twitched and he lifted his gaze slowly as _ as the top of the hedge and kept it there .	he	high	top
The case is as _ as a pikestaff .	case	plain	pikestaff
Revolution may not come soon , not probably in our time , but come it will , and as _ as fate there will be an explosion such as the world has never seen .	it	sure	fate
Therefore it is as _ as the oath and promise of God .	it	sure	oath
You 'll find it as _ as daylight , .	You	clear	daylight
And the place kept as _ as a pin , I protest .	place	neat	pin
I 've heard it 's as _ as a play .	it	good	play
Some searching questions were asked , when it turned out that these lads were as _ as parrots with the .	lads	glib	parrots
A pronoun is a word which is just as _ as a noun .	which	good	noun
They were as _ as two panthers .	They	noiseless	panthers
it 's as _ as silk .	it	soft	silk
in the east and west , when the deck is almost as _ as a baker .	deck	hot	baker
at times , in describing things belonging to the army , for we are all of us liable to commit mistakes , and no doubt I make as _ as other people .	I	many	people
Let her be as _ as air .	her	free	air
With this sabre I 'll slice him as _ as atoms .	I	small	atoms
why , he 's as _ as Rhodomont .	he	fierce	Rhodomont
it is as _ as a maid and goes like the wind .	it	gentle	maid
Destiny , then , can be as _ as an intelligent being and prove as monstrous as the human heart .	Destiny	wicked	heart
not one of the acts of his conscience had been definitive , and he was still as _ as at the beginning .	he	unsettled	beginning
But this basalt is as _ as granite , .	basalt	hard	granite
tarred sails drawn upwards by ropes from below the keel , as _ as the previous leaking .	sails	high	leaking
th , the temperature is as _ as ever , and the raft still motionless .	temperature	high	ever
Andre was as _ as myself .	Andre	sanguine	myself
They were as _ as ice .	They	cold	ice
Just because it 's the straightest and the stakes are right and the horses are as _ as women and as swift as lightning .	horses	beautiful	lightning
Why , it 's as _ as gold , man .	it	good	gold
Whenever I hear of any money lying around loose it 's as _ as mine unless some other fellow beats me to it .	it	good	mine
that you and Hume are about as _ as a cat and a dog .	you	friendly	cat
Was it as _ as her love .	it	great	love
Dart 's hands were shaking , his face was as _ as a sheet .	face	white	sheet
Already the snowfall was as _ as that of most winters .	snowfall	great	that
but the Bible is as _ as eternity , for its pages contain the records of eternity .	Bible	durable	eternity
The administrative triumphs of her intellect are as _ as her imaginative and her speculative triumphs .	triumphs	conspicuous	imaginative
His public virtues and public principles were as _ as the earth on which it stands .	virtues	firm	earth
It is as _ as the right of breathing the air , or walking on the earth .	It	undoubted	right
When he pronounced the death sentence upon that Parliament , and inflicted the mortal wound , he declared that his motives for doing it were merely political , and that their hands were as _ as those of justice itself , which they administered .	hands	pure	those
Everett says , by as _ as ten .	Everett	few	ten
The result of this war is to settle the question whether they who are hereafter to inhabit this magnificent country are or are not to have that primal blessing of a good government , without which the most abundant material resources are as _ as scientific books or philosophical installments would be among the most barbarous tribes of Africa or Australia .	resources	valueless	books
Gazing with beaming eye and throbbing heart upon the grandeur and beauty of this splendid edifice of constitutional government in America , we came to believe that it was as _ as the memory of its illustrious builders .	it	imperishable	memory
Yet , I remember , when I was in France , Young gentlemen would be as _ as night , Only for wantonness .	gentlemen	sad	night
drive these men away , And I will sit as _ as a lamb .	I	quiet	lamb
She agreed , but said that the best were almost as _ as the worst when it came to board and breakfast with them .	best	difficult	worst
To this peasant , perhaps to all his kind , war was as _ as natural calamities , like rains and droughts , earthquakes , and thunderbolts .	war	inevitable	calamities
The Ambassador is as _ as an old maid this morning .	Ambassador	garrulous	maid
War is perhaps as _ as peace .	War	cruel	peace
War is almost as _ as peace .	War	cruel	peace
The lady became as _ as death for a moment , lest they had overheard her words .	lady	white	death
If he did n't get a full dose of Peer Gynt every few days , he was as _ as a Cat .	he	nervous	Cat
Places in the Tenderloin they moved on to Europe , where they were just as _ as Influenza .	Europe	welcome	Influenza
But what delighted the woman most of all was a tiny cradle , made of a walnut shell , lined with velvet , in which lay the prettiest baby ever seen , but it was only just as _ as a man 's thumb .	it	large	thumb
Little Mell Davis was as _ as anybody when the sun disappeared .	Davis	glad	anybody
This dust has made me as _ as a chip .	dust	dry	chip
Her laugh was as _ as a young woman 's .	laugh	fresh	woman
She do n't lift a hand to help , and I expect as _ as Fate that we 'll have Mrs.	I	sure	Fate
At Valley Hill you were as _ as a bee , always wanting to help in every thing .	you	brisk	bee
Her tangled curls were as _ as a bird 's .	curls	rough	bird
They are just as _ as dolls to you , are n't they , .	They	good	dolls
Her eyes were as _ as a ferret 's , and her cheeks the color of purple cherries from crying and excitement of mind .	eyes	red	ferret
But prettiest of all was a little girl about ten years old , who rode in the middle of the procession upon a lovely horse as _ as milk .	who	white	milk
she said to herself , and her embrace was so warm that Annie rested in her arms with the feeling that here was real home and a real Mamma , and that England was just as _ as America .	England	nice	America
Your face looks as _ as toast , too , .	face	warm	toast
The movement is apparently as _ as that of the Lemmings .	movement	reckless	that
Sir Magnus had a wife of whom it was said at home that she was almost as _ as her husband .	she	popular	husband
Her silence now was as _ as any speech .	silence	good	speech
though his attendance on the boulevard was not as _ as that of Mr.	attendance	constant	that
The attorney sat as _ as death .	attorney	firm	death
But Augustus is as _ as either of them , and is odious also all round .	Augustus	dishonest	either
And one hound for that purpose is as _ as thirty , and if a hound can only .	hound	good	thirty
I was as _ as a cucumber , and could count the hounds he had with him .	I	cool	cucumber
And then , when she breaks down and comes to our call , we 'll all be as _ as mother 's milk to her .	we	soft	milk
Anderson was as _ as his word .	Anderson	good	word
you see that I have been as _ as my word , and have come again .	I	good	word
and I dare say , if we knew all about the governor when he was of my age , which I do n't remember , he was as _ as any one .	he	spooney	one
piece is as _ as the rest of the Apartment .	piece	magnificent	rest
The Gardens of the Palace are as _ as the Building .	Gardens	inconsiderable	Building
The Outside of the Structure is as _ as the Inside .	Outside	magnificent	Inside
himself as _ as the Life , dress .	himself	big	Life
s Accompts , and he made it out as _ as the Sun at Noon .	he	clear	Sun
which alone is as _ as the other two Thirds of the City , namely , The .	alone	big	Thirds
The Inside is as _ as the Outside , yet for a little Expence it might easily be made a tolerable Structure .	Inside	ordinary	Outside
It was as _ as a four .	It	high	four
This fellow was as _ as any nobleman , for these few seconds of time , she realised , and it was worship of her which added the new decoration to his V.	fellow	fine	nobleman
He loved her with a burning love , but at this moment the difference between love and hate was as _ as that between the touch of ice and a red .	difference	imperceptible	that
It was as _ as that of the Sphinx , which she knew only from photographs .	It	inscrutable	that
She 's as _ as a child .	She	ingenuous	child
and although progress has not been as _ as with the younger children , they are sufficiently developed to help instruct .	progress	rapid	children
He was as _ as an eel , could twist and wriggle like one , and was nearly as difficult to hold .	He	active	eel
John Jordan of Great Salkeld , falling in one of the subsequent rounds , left the coast as _ as clear to Scott and Richardson , who ultimately came together in the final fall .	Jordan	good	clear
Your heart is as _ as Job 's , and should be as light as a lark which soars up to heaven , for the story about the confounded .	heart	pure	lark
Lina is married , and Mina is as _ as her sister .	Mina	good	sister
which , let it be remarked in passing , he understood as _ as a new born child .	he	little	child
properly manured land should be as _ as a piece of velvet , .	land	smooth	piece
would she be as _ as her word to the old man now .	she	good	word
es and other such dishes were finished , they attacked the puddings gallantly , and after they had done their duty by them , they had roast pigeons and asparagus , at the same time expressing great surprise that the pigeons in Mecklenburg were not as _ as geese , and complaining of the asparagus not being as thick as hop .	pigeons	large	hop
The conversation in the other parlour had been as _ as the one I have described , though quite different from it in every respect .	conversation	eager	one
I think it must be as _ as for a weary , way .	it	provoking	way
sig was as _ as his word , and really made use of Alick 's discovery , the effect of which was to terrify all the people he happened to meet .	sig	good	word
At some distance another entirely insulated mass presented itself , as _ as a cottage of two stories , with walls as perpendicular , and secluded like a cottage by trees .	mass	large	perpendicular
We have , therefore , no more doubt that a war may be right , than that a policeman may be a security for justice , and we object to a fortress as _ as to a handcuff .	we	little	handcuff
He would have welcomed me , however , had I been as _ as Job , for pakehas were , in those days , at an enormous premium .	I	poor	Job
It was nearly as _ as glass .	It	transparent	glass
but I was as _ as a cat , and as long .	I	active	cat
The outline of these pits is as _ as the day they were dug , and the sides have not fallen in in the slightest degree .	outline	perfect	day
There are Maxim rifles which can fire as _ as a hundred shots a minute and which have other advantages too .	which	many	shots
The recent ships , which are not necessarily confined to the Zeppelin type , though built along the same lines , are almost as _ as ocean steamships .	ships	large	steamships
Prussian War is followed the Germans will put as _ as six different armies into the field , each with some four army .	Germans	many	armies
And in about a week she 'll be as _ as rain and writing me letters all day and arguing with the girl how to spell ' being ' and ' been ' .	she	right	rain
Her voice was as _ as her face .	voice	sad	face
The poor were as poor as ever , as _ as ever , as much preyed on by parasites as ever .	poor	despised	ever
Talleyrand was as _ as ever for peace with England .	Talleyrand	ardent	ever
The reply was as _ as the attack .	reply	Corsican	attack
And so for a day or two , things remained as _ as unexploded dynamite .	things	static	dynamite
His recognition was as _ as hers , and he came forward to meet her .	recognition	swift	hers
night I was as _ as a fool , thinking I.	I	happy	fool
She said she was as _ as any woman in Scotland .	she	happy	woman
dog was as _ as a large one .	dog	good	one
dog may be as _ as a mouse .	dog	small	mouse
This fog packs close , but I do not believe it reaches as _ as our mastheads , and I feel curious to know whether anything has drifted within sight of us during the night .	it	high	mastheads
it is still as _ as a hedge up here , sir , but it seems inclined to clear , and I believe we are going to have a breeze out from the north .	it	thick	hedge
pole , converting the sails into a sloping roof , but it also strained the canvas as _ as a drum .	it	tight	drum
four tons register , as _ as a bottle , well found , and armed with six long six .	tons	tight	bottle
I just scrambled up on deck again as _ as ever I could , and told the men what had happened .	I	quick	ever
The night closed down as _ as a wolf 's mouth .	night	dark	mouth
sleep is nearly as _ as food to you just now .	sleep	valuable	food
Francois suggested that we should throw you to them , declaring that you were as _ as dead already , and that it was a shame to disappoint the sharks after they had waited so patiently for you .	you	good	dead
replied the fellow , who was himself as _ as the ace of spades .	fellow	black	ace
well , he was as _ as his word , for within twenty .	he	good	word
In case , however , that it is not so , I will tell you briefly that she is already as _ as a Christian , and that she is the betrothed of a noble Spanish knight .	she	good	Christian
The faint sound was not as _ as the sight of a truck .	sound	impressive	sight
He is a larger , handsomer bird than I am , but even when we were babies my parents said that his voice would not be as _ as mine .	voice	good	mine
Tiny is now as _ as a pig , and as happy as a king .	Tiny	fat	king
My cellar is as _ as any housekeeper .	cellar	clean	housekeeper
Hearts were as _ as the regiments .	Hearts	nomadic	regiments
Lips , chin , everything in her face is as _ as a white rosebud , though the expression is veiled , as it were , by the clouds of sadness .	everything	fresh	rosebud
Those fiends of soldiers are always as _ as thieves at a fair .	fiends	thick	thieves
I will thrash him as _ as his own portfolio , even if the coxcomb were in the Emperor .	I	flat	portfolio
Boris , whose eyes never quitted them , was as _ as the wax on his guzla , which he rattled violently from time to time .	Boris	pale	wax
He had lands behind Nijni as _ as a province , and it would have been difficult to count the number of moujiks who worked for him on his property .	He	vast	province
He was as _ as Koupriane .	He	pale	Koupriane
Rouletabille looked at Natacha , who was as _ as her white gown , and who added no word to her mother .	who	pale	gown
The thing is as _ as that we two are here .	thing	certain	that
Could he , then , not be as _ as that child .	he	brave	child
Within these naked , neglected walls there were about thirty young men , some of them apparently quite as _ as Rouletabille , with candid blue eyes and pale complexions .	some	young	Rouletabille
this is as _ as a funeral display .	this	sad	display
He was as _ as his word , and traveling became easy for the geese , so that they made rapid progress .	He	good	word
Pray God that the end be as _ as the beginning .	end	sweet	beginning
Xavier became as _ as Loyola in this respect .	Xavier	famous	Loyola
hearted pope , by appeals so artfully made that he became as _ as wax in their hands .	he	pliable	wax
They 're as _ as so many children at a picnic and they ca n't do enough for me or for each other .	They	happy	children
It 's as _ as my peculiar talent and represents a very real danger .	It	real	talent
Her mental order was as _ as a shout .	order	urgent	shout
She sat as _ as a needle , and was equally sharp .	She	straight	needle
The brow of Kildare clouded as _ as night , and he fiercely exclaimed .	brow	black	night
Every time she looked at him she would urge her horses to additional speed by lashings of the whip , until they were nearly as _ as their mistress .	they	mad	mistress
to obtain their food fierce elephants become as _ as slaves .	elephants	docile	slaves
By this present Aeschines outdid Alcibiades , whose mind was as _ as his Wealth , and all the splendour of the most wealthy youths of Athens .	Alcibiades	great	Wealth
See how unjustly the gifts of heaven are valued even by some who profess themselves philosophers , who complain that we are not as _ as elephants , as swift as stags , as light as birds , as strong as bulls .	we	big	bulls
the means of practising this virtue are as _ as life itself .	means	extensive	life
their actions are as _ as their purposes .	actions	distinct	purposes
The gases of a sewer are as _ as the atmosphere of a room .	gases	controllable	atmosphere
The court within and the buildings round it were as _ as the street .	court	bad	street
I made him amends by repairing his lance , and gave it back to him , comforting him with the assurance that it would be as _ as ever for the next traveller he met .	it	good	ever
being a primitive people , their manners are as _ as their minds .	manners	simple	minds
That you should be so readily prejudiced against me is not gratifying , but , you see , nobody could take any steps without positive proof of the story , and my word is at least as _ as that of the interloper who told it you .	word	credible	that
and that the laws governing the transmission of cytoplasmic characters in amebas are quite as _ as those governing somatoplasmic characters in the higher organisms .	laws	inflexible	those
fish , ' which is about as _ as the reference .	fish	vague	reference
of the tubera indica vermiculis scatentia I send you a peece , they are as _ as good Tennis .	they	bigg	Tennis
your hands are as _ as lobsters .	hands	red	lobsters
and if she is half as _ as Prudy , I shall never like to part with her to go up stairs .	she	good	Prudy
Dotty , if you were only as _ as Tate .	you	good	Tate
But the arm got up at last , and nobody saw that it was as _ as marble .	it	stiff	marble
re the best friends that ever was , and mean to be as _ as ladies .	mean	good	ladies
t stay at home if the snow came down as _ as this pop .	snow	big	pop
d have been as _ as door .	d	dead	door
Dotty was as _ as her word .	Dotty	good	word
then he is as _ as snow .	he	white	snow
the brothers and sisters of one of these families were altogether about as _ as that tiny nail .	brothers	large	nail
They had their faces painted in all kinds of strange ways , some with black stripes as _ as your finger all up and down them .	some	broad	finger
She said it was all as _ as day to her an ' that she should write a story about it .	it	clear	day
if they was really new I 'd revel to listen to 'em , but they 're as _ as the hills an ' I feel like I was offered somethin' to cut my teeth on whenever I hear him beginnin ' with a fresh old one .	they	old	hills
The tramp was as _ as the boy .	tramp	surprised	boy
he was snoring away as _ as a sheep .	he	peaceful	sheep
You look about as _ as a corpse .	You	happy	corpse
to have my trousers soppin ' wet all round the bottoms , and then it have come on an ' freezed 'em as _ as boards all round .	it	stiff	boards
The root , already as _ as a man 's thumb , came up easily , and I passed it to Bettesworth , asking , .	root	big	thumb
I 've see as _ as four of 'em over there at a axe .	I	many	four
Meanwhile , although he would not have confessed it , his young rosy cheeks grew as _ as a forehead , and his face fell in like a piano .	cheeks	pale	forehead
My princess is as _ as gold , and only few know her as I do .	princess	pure	gold
and his sister enjoyed in a sweet emotion of sympathy the beautiful mildness on both their countenances , which , in union with energy , is as _ as moonlight on a mountain .	countenances	enchanting	moonlight
This thin matter is just as _ as lead or brass .	matter	material	lead
But this Idea is just as _ as the other Ideas .	Idea	impotent	Ideas
Aristotle gives no exhaustive classification of different kinds of State , because forms of government may be as _ as the circumstances which give rise to them .	forms	various	circumstances
Smithers , nearly as _ as the balloon , made no reply .	Smithers	limp	balloon
I took him and I buried him as _ as houses .	I	safe	houses
Her brain was as _ as the inside of a clock and electric lights seemed to be burning and fizzing in it , extinguishing themselves and relighting themselves .	brain	busy	inside
If nothing thwarted the amiable efforts of herself and offspring to multiply and replenish , they would shortly pack the ocean as _ as a box of sardines .	they	full	box
The food habits of raccoons are almost as _ as those of black bears .	habits	varied	those
the angles on the inner side of the lower molars are at least twice as _ as those of the outer side of the jaw .	angles	deep	those
and his wit is as _ as his sword , and his heart is as open to all that is noble and sacred as it is loyal to his lord and Emperor .	wit	keen	sword
s outbursts of wrath , but what would become of his feeble mother , who was as _ as a child on her own mother .	mother	dependent	child
bed was as _ as medicine , and so you are .	bed	good	medicine
The air was as _ as that of Norway .	air	pure	that
bridges , temples , and pagodas , often as _ as the autumnal leaves around them .	bridges	brilliant	leaves
roads do not yet exist in these mountain regions , and horses are almost as _ as centaurs .	horses	rare	centaurs
It is as _ as a lacquered box , with floors , chairs , and balustrades as neat as wax and beautifully polished .	It	dainty	wax
It is about as _ as a lead .	It	large	lead
They are as _ as sidewalks are with us .	They	clean	sidewalks
I 'm as _ as butter .	I	warm	butter
I often hear my grandmother say she 's as _ as toast , but .	she	warm	toast
So I 'm as _ as butter now .	I	warm	butter
Well , of course , this is n't as _ as some boats , .	this	big	boats
If you had fallen in the other pool , where there are half a dozen turtles , though none as _ as the one you rode on , you might have been bitten .	you	large	one
the sun was sometimes as _ as at midsummer .	sun	powerful	midsummer
My patience is almost as _ as my love , and indeed I need a few years yet to rise to the level of your name .	patience	great	love
I 'm as _ as the Man .	I	bad	Man
but he is as _ as the day .	he	honest	day
If there is any angels she 's as _ as any of 'em .	she	good	any
Sometimes it is as _ as a wearied baby , but now it is foaming and lashing , as a tiger after prey .	it	quiet	tiger
and when she went in , and delivered all her parcels to the ladies , and was congratulated on her success in getting precisely the desired articles , her heart was as _ as a feather .	heart	light	feather
Who says I am not as _ as anybody on this avenue .	I	good	anybody
And you keep this room as _ as a vault .	you	cold	vault
But you look as _ as a child that has just waked from sleep .	you	fresh	child
They strained each other in embraces that seemed as _ as their words , and he kissed her face with quick , hot breaths that were so unlike him , that made her feel as if she had lost her old lover and found a stranger in his place .	that	ineffective	words
She was quite large , in a soft young way , and her skin was as _ as a baby 's .	skin	pure	baby
When we speak of Sherwin , inevitably we think of Frank Beard , the cartoonist , whose jokes were as _ as his pictures .	Beard	original	pictures
When the scientist turns prophet he becomes as _ as the preacher who assumes to prescribe limitations to scientific discovery .	he	fallible	preacher
The water rendered as _ as crystal is then permitted to run into the lake , while the sludge is pressed by machinery into cakes used as fertilizer .	water	clear	fertilizer
Jahu DeWitt Miller , whose private talk was as _ as his public lectures , which is high praise .	Miller	good	lectures
The program of July we find as _ as that of August .	we	full	that
They was as _ as father and son , those two .	They	close	father
When it is as _ as possible roll each piece separately in flour , and saut .	it	dry	roll
The country town is as _ as a bird 's tail of anything but common .	town	bare	tail
The Mill has been as _ as the Press all these centuries on which we look back .	Mill	busy	Press
The Spalding case was as _ as some of the books themselves .	case	unique	some
but Scotland has grown as _ as London .	Scotland	dear	London
which is nearly as _ as our Lowndes , and not much more accurate .	which	incomplete	Lowndes
In many of the old houses , in which the fireplaces were as _ as the houses themselves , they were never used and were either boarded up or carefully screened from view .	many	old	houses
mining country , for her coal fields are nearly as _ as those of all the rest of Europe .	country	extensive	those
This light is not as _ as kerosene or gaslight , but it is so convenient and so simple , requiring no daily care , that it is rapidly coming into use in all towns and cities .	light	cheap	kerosene
Perhaps the steamboat will not be as _ as the packets .	steamboat	late	packets
Allston introduced young Morse to Benjamin West , whose fame at that time was as _ as the world of art .	West	wide	world
Ay , the man is as _ as my old opponent , Mourzoufle , .	man	cruel	opponent
the two were heartily acclaimed a striking couple , and congratulations beat about their ears as _ as sugar .	congratulations	thick	sugar
Thus it was as _ as five in the afternoon that , wearing the peach .	it	late	five
and , in a phrase , we are as _ as Hannibal or Hector .	we	dead	Hannibal
I am as _ as an allegory on the banks of the Nile .	I	headstrong	allegory
The harvest sometimes begins as _ as the middle of December , and is not over until June , but the real press of the work is during February and March .	harvest	early	middle
My eyes are as _ as a drunkard .	eyes	red	drunkard
Juno 's seared rabbit chops were as _ as small steaks .	chops	big	steaks
been in the house they 've been as _ as anything .	they	peaceful	anything
She waited until it was almost as _ as the time before , then sprang toward the left .	it	close	time
He knew he must be quite as _ as Romadka .	he	pale	Romadka
Emmet looked as _ as Opperly , but infinitely tougher .	Emmet	thin	Opperly
Some of them were not quite as _ as those that one had been accustomed to at home .	Some	safe	those
In this they were partially successful , and though the enemy 's resistance was as _ as ever , they were able to establish posts , of which the most northerly was about .	resistance	strong	ever
It was quite as _ as the later and better known incidents in the .	It	important	incidents
His voice was as _ as anything about him .	voice	remarkable	anything
That was as _ as the nose on my face .	That	plain	nose
Newman 's face remained as _ as the Chinaman 's own .	face	impassive	own
A miss is as _ as a mile , eh .	miss	good	mile
It was as _ as the nose on my face that he was purposely keeping us forward .	It	plain	nose
They were just as _ as the rest of the stiffs that the afterguard had suddenly become afraid of the foc ' sle .	They	convinced	rest
His fighting methods were as _ as his tongue .	methods	foul	tongue
it is all very well to point out that these movements are periodical , almost as _ as the volcanic eruptions that belch out their volumes of running fire and die down again into peaceful submission .	movements	inevitable	eruptions
They 're as _ as an echo .	They	empty	echo
It was just as _ as all the rest of her social schemes .	It	empty	rest
They 'll be as _ as two waltzing Japanese mice .	They	quaint	mice
You 're as _ as ten , Dolly , but I 'm hanged if you know how to play with me .	You	cute	ten
table where conversation is as _ as the bubbles that shoot through the glittering wine to the frothy surface .	table	empty	bubbles
neus had entertained his guests royally for nine days , the hunt began , and the huge beast , which was as _ as an ox , was surrounded and driven from its lair .	beast	large	ox
Your army was three times as _ as ours .	army	big	ours
room was as _ as the intellect of the owner .	room	barren	intellect
A man of pure , strong , constant affections , his love of tranquil domestic enjoyments was as _ as his self .	man	remarkable	self
An honest nigger is as _ as a lock of har on the palm of my hand .	nigger	rare	lock
I had a stump twice as _ as this , cut off by bullets in the same way , only much smoother .	I	big	this
and that is as _ as manure .	that	good	manure
Our own troops were as _ as the Yankees .	troops	bad	Yankees
Having always been provided for by their masters , they were as _ as children .	they	improvident	children
and should it be as _ as fifty , as many confidently maintain it will be , the resulting figures are sufficiently exciting .	it	high	fifty
The Confederates used me as _ as the Yankees , .	Confederates	bad	Yankees
I noticed numbers as _ as two hundred and thirty .	I	high	hundred
Grant and Andrew Johnson could not fail to be decided in favor of the former , whose sturdy truthfulness has been as _ as Johnson .	truthfulness	conspicuous	Johnson
On the New England coast the English blood was as _ as in any part of Britain .	blood	pure	part
but this was not as _ as the British sloop .	this	bad	sloop
Our foundries were generally not as _ as those of the British , and our guns , in consequence , more likely to burst .	foundries	good	those
but it may well be doubted if it would have ensured victory had Barclay 's force been as _ as Perry 's .	force	strong	Perry
lost ground by hauling off to give broadsides , which were as _ as the fire from the chase .	broadsides	ineffectual	fire
The night was now as _ as pitch .	night	black	pitch
their earth is as _ as their air .	earth	free	air
Jupiter , Mars , Mercury , Apollo , their amours are as _ as their names .	amours	famous	names
As it was going over my line I gave a twitch and hooked it in the under part of the foot , where the skin is as _ as leather .	part	tough	leather
Tell me , Miss Grimes , is everything to eat in America as _ as this fish .	everything	good	fish
He 's probably as _ as a baby .	He	harmless	baby
His blandness had all vanished , his grey eyes were as _ as steel .	eyes	hard	steel
His hands , which she held firmly in hers , were as _ as ice .	hands	cold	ice
He grew as _ as a beetroot .	He	red	beetroot
The glare of the burning house threw a light as _ as that of day on the scene before us .	glare	strong	that
Perhaps then , Monsieur , a word of kindness from you may be as _ as a rough word now .	Monsieur	rare	word
Thunder might roll , but no bolt fell , and the sky was as _ as usual at the next meeting .	sky	clear	usual
For a moment the picture was as _ as day , with Barbara standing in the middle of the road .	picture	clear	day
He was as _ as ebony , with perfect , white teeth which showed in strong contrast when he gave his good .	He	black	ebony
The occupant of the cabin was of a Spanish type , with dark skin and sharp , black eyes , as _ as his smoothly brushed hair .	occupant	black	hair
And I think God will surely be as _ as a mortal .	God	sympathetic	mortal
And the maid was as _ as a dove .	maid	fair	dove
European languages is as _ as that which exists among those languages themselves .	languages	close	that
You look as _ as a bird .	You	happy	bird
If that is true everything is as _ as daylight .	everything	clear	daylight
His life and career , little known , are the more worthy of the reader 's interest , because the man is as _ as the writer .	man	original	writer
Man 's heart is as _ as fortune .	heart	changeable	fortune
Against ancient infantry such charges would have been as _ as against modern infantry .	charges	valuable	infantry
It was veterans of the Empire , who certainly were as _ as our men , who gave this example of lack of coolness .	Empire	reliable	men
verse lines , it would be as _ as his name , and would be accepted as good evidence in court .	it	good	evidence
and the society of the wisest of his race would have been as _ as that of barbarians and savages .	society	uninstructive	that
The difference in the use of words by different writers is as _ as that in the use of paints by great and poor artists .	difference	great	that
The same words , issuing from other lips , would have been as _ as pop .	words	harmless	pop
A distinguished American scholar estimates that few speakers or writers use as _ as ten thousand words .	speakers	many	words
sounding phrases may be as _ as one abounding in colloquial vulgarisms .	phrases	dark	one
and this itching for pompous forms of expression , this contempt for plainness and simplicity of style , is as _ as Aristotle .	contempt	old	Aristotle
whenever he spoke in public , and that he would be as _ as the grand lamentations in .	he	pathetic	lamentations
A style may be as _ as rock .	style	transparent	rock
yet it is evident that if error employs it , truth must do the same , even if the distinction be as _ as the difference between two animalcules fighting each other among a billion of fellows in a drop of water .	distinction	small	difference
Too much rigor is as _ as laxity .	rigor	unendurable	laxity
He 's as _ as a bat , but you can not pull the wool over my eyes , Mr.	He	blind	bat
Bell sprang to me , lifting my head , and his face looked as _ as a woman 's .	face	white	woman
There was something of value at stake now , and my mind was as _ as my hands and eyes .	mind	busy	hands
The cellar was as _ as a grave .	cellar	quiet	grave
CHAPTER III To Papayuchisew , after his first mouthful of water , the stream was almost as _ as the air , for he went sailing down it with the lightness of a gull , wondering in his slow .	stream	safe	air
s rock , instead of rising for a hundred feet or more straight up , was possibly as _ as a man .	rock	high	man
that was as _ as the Egyptian pyramids and perhaps ten thousand years older .	that	old	pyramids
bearded old Frenchman who lived yet nearer and whose word was as _ as the Bible .	word	good	Bible
his tracks led from the corral to the tall spruce , and they were as _ as the footprints of a wolf .	they	numerous	footprints
In another six months he would be as _ as Kazan , and his jaws were almost as powerful , even now .	he	large	Kazan
He is half as _ as a bear .	He	big	bear
a fourth trap had closed on his flank , and in tearing the jaws loose he had pulled off a patch of skin half as _ as McTaggart .	he	big	McTaggart
Baree understood , and in him there grew stronger and stronger a great love for the man whose hands were as _ as the Willow .	man	gentle	Willow
The Euphorbia Dendroides grows as _ as in Crete , and rosemary bushes are frequently up to the shoulder of a man .	Dendroides	high	Crete
but the mode in which it was ended was quite as _ as any of the deeds done during its course .	mode	disgraceful	any
The town is at least as _ as the beginning of the eleventh century , for in .	town	old	beginning
but the steep streets are narrow and , in wet weather , noisome , and the children do not look as _ as in many other places .	children	healthy	places
Just before we reached the bridge connecting the islands of Ossero and Cherso , which has to be crossed before the town of Ossero is reached , great banks of spurge made the roadside as _ as fields full of charlock in England .	banks	yellow	fields
which is as _ as two of those below .	which	deep	two
In the matter of triolets Austin Dobson is again an authority , though his experiments in this form are scarcely as _ as his ballades and rondeaus .	experiments	successful	ballades
But I 've seen her , and everything 's all right , and I 'm as _ as a sandboy .	I	happy	sandboy
He 's as _ as a pig , and I do n't wonder at the Ponap .	He	drunk	pig
Knowing that his men were as _ as steel to him , the officer showed them to each man in turn , and then handed them to Velo .	men	true	steel
He 's as _ as a buffalo .	He	strong	buffalo
at first just on account of this young fellow Barry who I had taken a liking to , and then because I liked the old man and the girl herself , whose voice was as _ as the note of a thrush .	man	sweet	note
He 's as _ as a child in some things , but as honest as the day .	He	simple	day
This champagne is not nearly as _ as last night , .	champagne	good	night
and their children will be as _ as Toronto .	children	loyal	Toronto
No , I shall be as _ as anybody else when we get there .	I	keen	anybody
showing glow will be as _ as a tiny cheek , when sleep has flushed it .	showing	delicate	cheek
The blue heavens are as _ as the petal of a crane .	heavens	blue	petal
She is as _ as a lark .	She	merry	lark
He was as _ as his word , too .	He	good	word
but we had got under the lee of Lismore , and slowly and slowly the wind died away , until even the sea was as _ as the surface of a mirror .	sea	smooth	surface
the huge mountains on the right are as _ as the deeds of murder done in the glen below .	mountains	black	deeds
and at the end of it his face was as _ as a bannock before it is put on the girdle .	face	blank	bannock
Under that brilliant colour his face was as _ as an orange .	face	yellow	orange
I 'll be as _ as that girl across the road , with the red cheeks , in a single slip .	I	simple	girl
Divide into little balls and roll until they are as _ as paper .	they	thin	paper
and Captain Matsunaga showed that he was as _ as the rest of us , by plumping a .	he	wideawake	rest
the expended torpedo being probably at least as _ as the ship which it sank .	torpedo	valuable	ship
Then , the lecture being finished , they all came back to the side of my bed , and one of the nurses having carefully folded back the covering as _ as my waist , the Head proceeded to deftly loosen the fastenings of an enormous bandage which I now discovered enveloped my chest .	one	low	waist
He was as _ as a bloodhound for the trail and instinctively Roy obeyed him .	He	keen	bloodhound
It was not quite as _ as that , but if Pee .	It	clear	that
The course of the river is as _ as an arrow here .	course	straight	arrow
The royal exchequer was then as _ as Gorges .	exchequer	empty	Gorges
Accordingly it is as _ as Winthrop .	it	clear	Winthrop
Their fountaines are as _ as Cristall .	fountaines	cleare	Cristall
but the fruit is as _ as our sloes .	fruit	small	sloes
the body is as _ as the pheysant henne of England .	body	bigg	henne
A Hunning bird , is as _ as a Beetle .	bird	small	Beetle
The Otter in winter hath a furre as _ as Iett .	Otter	black	Iett
is gray , and hee is as _ as the lesser Cony , and keepeth the woods , feeding upon nutts .	hee	bigg	Cony
And Eacus , who is as _ as text , Came in with his preparatives the next .	Eacus	suer	text
Their houses are built like our arbors , of small young springs bowed and tyed , and so close covered with mats , or the barkes of trees very handsomely , that nothwithstanding either winde , raine , or weather , they are as _ as stoves , but very smoaky , yet at the toppe of the house there is a hole made for the smoake to go into right over the fire .	they	warm	stoves
Though they be sometimes scanted , yet are they as _ as Emperors , both to their countrymen and English , be he stranger or mere acquaintance .	they	free	Emperors
untutored mind is as _ as the griffin or the centaur .	mind	fabulous	griffin
and , hence , the surface of each grinder is always as _ as that of a good millstone .	surface	uneven	that
and these grubs proved as _ as their parents .	grubs	voracious	parents
Twenty paces away , on a knoll of dry ground , we find more violets , but these are in much deeper tints of azure and yellow , while their stalks are scarcely more than half as _ as their brethren near the swamp .	stalks	tall	brethren
She returned his kiss with a pretty , effusive embrace , though her lips were as _ as ice .	lips	cold	ice
You are as _ as mamma , I declare .	You	bad	mamma
He is as _ as Croesus , and mamma wanted me to marry him .	He	rich	Croesus
morrow that mine will be as _ as ever , and that Norman 's will be like it , so pray say no more to him about it .	mine	nice	ever
She really looks as _ as ever , and I am sure I shall soon forget what a dreadful accident happened to her , .	She	nice	ever
Pecksy was a good , obedient , little bird , and I am sure my dear little bird is as _ as a bird can be .	bird	good	bird
The opportunity came , and when you let the heavy book fall down on the poor little innocent creature , you knew perfectly well that it must kill him , if it did not press him as _ as a pancake .	it	flat	pancake
If he had not heard to the contrary , he would have said the boy was as _ as the language he spoke .	boy	French	language
But local prejudice is almost as _ as the natural features of a country .	prejudice	durable	features
since the life of love is sweet , and union is as _ as sweet .	union	strong	sweet
with the people of this colony your commerce is as _ as with any in the country , and our dangers .	commerce	great	any
Newport was more than twice as _ as Providence .	Newport	large	Providence
Her house is as _ as a pin , and her yard is the same .	house	clean	pin
I member when they put the folks on blocks as _ as that house and sell em to the highest bidder .	they	high	house
They burned up the big house as _ as this floor .	They	flat	floor
It was as _ as the sun at noonday , of course I understood him .	It	plain	sun
house was as _ as the library .	house	empty	library
His handsome face was as _ as stone .	face	hard	stone
If the case is as _ as that , my dear Madam .	case	hopeless	that
You will be as _ as Methuselah , if you wait till I am your wife .	You	old	Methuselah
but she was as _ as ever , and as wretched as ever , about Anne .	she	anxious	ever
In the popular phrase , Blanche is as _ as steel .	Blanche	true	steel
I am as _ as my word .	I	good	word
Dethridge had come out , as _ as ashes , and had gone up stairs trembling like a person in great terror .	Dethridge	pale	ashes
Here were women who realised that Tommy is quite as _ as his officer , that he is a man and as such has rights .	Tommy	important	rights
was filled with English , French and Belgian officers , and their wives or friends , and to the casual observer the place was as _ as in times of peace .	place	gay	times
but , no , he appeared as _ as the rest of us .	he	clean	rest
In our modesty we had forgotten to expect the mellow flavoured wines which clung to the sloping sides of glass as _ as a spider .	which	delicate	spider
you are as _ as your name .	you	welcome	name
A pleasant companion on a journey is as _ as a postchaise .	companion	good	postchaise
The first blow is as _ as two .	blow	good	two
Possession is as _ as a title .	Possession	good	title
Three removals are as _ as a fire .	removals	bad	fire
A good advice is as _ as an eye in the hand .	advice	good	eye
One day is as _ as two for him who does everything in its place .	day	good	two
He who esteems none but himself is as _ as a king .	himself	happy	king
My No is as _ as your Yes .	No	good	Yes
The dog that starts the hare is as _ as the one that catches it .	dog	good	one
One bee is as _ as a handful of flies .	bee	good	handful
The concealer is as _ as the thief .	concealer	bad	thief
timed is as _ as a lie .	timed	bad	lie
He who holds the ladder is as _ as the thief .	He	bad	thief
Three who help each other are as _ as six .	Three	good	six
A man forewarned is as _ as two .	man	good	two
Do you carry the trough , husband , and I will carry the sieve , which is as _ as the devil .	sieve	heavy	devil
s word is as _ as the king .	word	good	king
The accomplice is as _ as the thief .	accomplice	bad	thief
Jack is as _ as his master .	Jack	good	master
An inch too short is as _ as an ell .	inch	bad	ell
Enough is as _ as a feast .	Enough	good	feast
He is as _ as a leaden dagger .	He	sharp	dagger
He is as _ as Job .	He	poor	Job
He is as _ as the first day in Lent .	He	welcome	day
t come out as _ as pitch .	t	black	pitch
A penny in time is as _ as a dollar .	penny	good	dollar
A good advice is as _ as an eye in the hand , .	advice	good	eye
A penny in time is as _ as a dollar , .	penny	good	dollar
A pleasant companion on a journey is as _ as a postchaise , .	companion	good	postchaise
An inch too short is as _ as an ell , .	inch	bad	ell
Do you carry the trough , husband , and I will carry the sieve , which is as _ as the devil , .	sieve	heavy	devil
Enough is as _ as a feast , .	Enough	good	feast
He is as _ as Job , .	He	poor	Job
He is as _ as a leaden dagger , .	He	sharp	dagger
He who esteems none but himself is as _ as a king , .	himself	happy	king
He who holds the ladder is as _ as the thief , .	He	bad	thief
Jack is as _ as his master , .	Jack	good	master
One day is as _ as two for him who does everything in its place , .	day	good	two
Possession is as _ as a title , .	Possession	good	title
t come out as _ as pitch , .	t	black	pitch
The accomplice is as _ as the thief , .	accomplice	bad	thief
The concealer is as _ as the thief , .	concealer	bad	thief
The dog that starts the hare is as _ as the one that catches it , .	dog	good	one
The first blow is as _ as two , .	blow	good	two
Three removals are as _ as a fire , .	removals	bad	fire
Three who help each other are as _ as six , .	Three	good	six
If you were as _ as your Book you would conquer India in five years .	you	good	Book
try to live for His praise and glory in any fashion , then be sure of this , that our poor deeds are as _ as Him for whom they are done , and that we may take to ourselves the great word which He has spoken , when He has declared that at the last He will confess His confessors ' names before the angels in heaven .	deeds	immortal	Him
wheel is as _ as the great shafts .	wheel	indispensable	shafts
The question of organising a distributing agency is quite as _ as any other part of the manufacturer 's business .	question	important	part
If we rightly understand what he means by love , we shall find that his praise of love is as _ as anything that he ever wrote .	praise	theological	anything
But his certitude is as _ as his hesitation .	certitude	remarkable	hesitation
Creonta , by enchantment , had enclosed her , together with her two sisters , in the rinds of three Oranges , for reasons which were as _ as the circumstance itself .	reasons	probable	circumstance
It is as _ as day , too , that you have yielded to a hussy 's importunities , risking your own life and the lives of your friends upon a silly point of honour in a shameful quarrel .	It	clear	day
a lovely little fairy of a woman , whose heart is as _ as her body .	woman	big	body
farer , and my destinies have been as _ as my sails .	farer	fickle	sails
I said just now that the Horse eventually died and became converted into the same inorganic substances from whence all but an inappreciable fraction of its substance demonstrably originated , so that the actual wanderings of matter are as _ as the transmigrations of the soul fabled by Indian tradition .	wanderings	remarkable	transmigrations
It was at that moment that Joan , who was as _ as a kitten , stepped on deck , and into the light of the lantern which the lieutenant himself was holding .	Joan	agile	kitten
t think I shall be as _ as my word .	I	good	word
But she can also be as _ as the fiercest man , as you , sir , have , I believe , already proved .	she	fierce	you
Then , in a voice which was as _ as a moment before it had been affectedly gay , she said quickly .	voice	earnest	moment
He was trembling so much that his sword rattled at his side , and his voice was as _ as a raven .	voice	hoarse	raven
But that bunch back of Ted were as _ as anything , too , .	back	smart	anything
Pretty soon the whole of them were as _ as beavers , putting up the two tents on ground which Max had selected as suitable for the camp .	whole	busy	suitable
and if you left a piece of skin as _ as a fifty .	you	big	fifty
He was as _ as a lion , but very indiscreet .	He	bold	lion
for he had no knife , and the earth is as _ as stone there .	earth	hard	stone
We kept as _ as oysters , and let the lot go .	We	mum	oysters
We are as _ as Serbia , our population is as large as that of Switzerland and nearly double that of Denmark or Norway .	We	numerous	that
And the feeling was as _ as the seeing .	feeling	palpable	seeing
Figure de Christ , but it is true , as _ as death .	it	true	death
If he had been as _ as the Czar , or as low as the ditcher , he would have been the same .	he	high	ditcher
yet when she was roused , and there were no corners into which the dust could be swept , she could be as _ as any better woman .	she	bold	woman
and the danger to the home at the Manor Cartier now became again as _ as the knife of the guillotine .	danger	sharp	knife
wheel were as _ as the rope of the gallows .	wheel	absolute	rope
I 'm quite as _ as Adelaide .	I	free	Adelaide
And I think men are quite as _ as women , and quite as bad .	men	good	women
to show Heath that Charmian could be as _ as herself and more attractive than she was .	Charmian	interesting	herself
My hand is as _ as a rock .	hand	steady	rock
A dapper little old gentleman with a bald head and only one eye , who was as _ as a post , but would not allow any one to consider him so .	who	deaf	post
It is as _ as a rock .	It	firm	rock
I was as _ as in my barn in London , .	I	happy	barn
consciousness , and his death was as _ as a child 's .	consciousness	peaceful	child
And they are almost as _ as roses .	they	handsome	roses
crystalline forms in mineralogy are as _ as any purely geometric relation .	forms	abstract	relation
daughter to be as _ as a dairy .	daughter	ignorant	dairy
One is just as _ as another where none has any faith .	One	good	another
If one service is just as _ as another , why naturally , says Bp .	service	good	another
His wife knelt at his feet , his sons stood around him , and one of them led by the hand a young child , whose eyes were Indian eyes , but whose skin was nearly as _ as that of her grandfather .	skin	fair	that
The walls are built of sharp , small flint , imbedded in mortar that has now become as _ as iron .	that	hard	iron
but withal he was as _ as the simplest Kentucky farmer .	he	plain	farmer
His hours of rising and retiring , his Office , meditations , and all his spiritual exercises were as _ as those of his brethren in the colleges of Europe .	hours	regular	those
but if France continues in its unsettled state , and if the son inherit any of the power and scheming of the race , he is as _ as any other to be the coming man .	he	likely	other
that is to say , they are as _ as a beggar after the vintage .	they	tipsy	beggar
The Perdreaux are too thorough scoundrels not to have at hand a crowd of proofs and protestations which would make them appear as _ as snow .	them	white	snow
love that would have been intense still for each had her children numbered as _ as the sons of Jacob .	children	many	sons
Insensible to the influences of time , place , and circumstance , he is still as _ as air when hunted from his retreat by men to whom his whole life is an enigma .	he	free	air
She had felt the ground around Perdreau , and , although he was as _ as the devil , he had attempted several very disagreeable jokes about the church and her ceremonies which , I must say , provoked Jeannette to such a degree , she openly showed her displeasure .	he	hypocritical	devil
This man , who was as _ as any one you could find , and even a passable Christian , my father assured me , bit his thumbs until the blood came when he saw himself despised and his counsel disregarded .	man	good	one
not that he respected Jeannette or her principles , but because he was as _ as a peacock .	he	proud	peacock
It is as _ as day that he is raking up all he can against him .	It	plain	day
Some were there who are as _ as cured , and some others came from curiosity , or brought by their friends .	who	good	cured
He 'll be as _ as the best in the land .	He	good	best
I 'm as _ as a dog .	I	dry	dog
Long fasts , however , are nearly as _ as too frequent meals .	fasts	hurtful	meals
In the Chelonia and Ophidia the cochlea is as _ as in the Amphibia , but in the higher forms .	cochlea	rudimentary	Amphibia
Two cards of one plain suit , one being as _ as a queen .	one	high	queen
pass , where he was hunting , and that on hearing its roar , which he compared to loud thunder , the sight almost left his eyes , and his heart became as _ as that of a child 's .	heart	small	that
They grew and grew in number till their families were as _ as ours , and as they were warriors and their hearts big , they spread themselves , and , soon crossing the big mountains , their eagle glance saw on each side of their territory the salt .	families	numerous	ours
Their houses are as _ as the stars in heaven , their warriors as thick as the shells in the bottom of our lakes .	houses	numerous	shells
It was as _ as India .	It	tough	India
The farmers , however , were as _ as the merchants , and , compelled to deal with them , they hit upon a good plan .	farmers	sharp	merchants
Three or four days afterwards he was astonished by several of his slaves informing him the general had been tampering with them , saying they were fools to remain slaves , when they could be as _ as white men , and that if they would come down the river with him , he would take them to Texas , where he would pay them twenty dollars a month for their labour .	they	free	men
Our fortune was as _ as in the forenoon , and at sunset we returned home , leaving the negroes to salt and pack the fish in barrels , for the supply of the plantation .	fortune	great	forenoon
Fear had produced a terrible effect upon him , and his hair , which the evening before was as _ as jet , had now changed to the whiteness of snow .	hair	black	jet
It is not as _ as beautiful , in reference to the single attribute implied in the latter term .	It	strong	beautiful
With all his crimes broad blown , as _ as May .	crimes	flush	May
They range in size from single microscopic cells to systems of entangled threads many feet in extent , which develop reproductive bodies as _ as a man 's head .	which	large	head
It was as _ as an ox , was covered with tessellated scales , and had fluted teeth .	It	large	ox
Her face was as _ as deep blue eyes , delicately tinted complexion , and perfect features could make it , but even had her countenance lacked special charms , the faultless luxuriance of her figure would have given her place as a beauty among the women of the nineteenth century .	face	bewitching	beauty
In the hands of the man who had stolen it or murdered for it , it was as _ as in those which had earned it by industry .	it	good	those
and see if I am not as _ as my word .	I	good	word
but the setting of his pathetic tales , the misery of the poor , the wrongs of power , the pitiless cruelty of the system of society , had passed away as _ as Circe and the sirens , Charybdis and Cyclops .	setting	utterly	Circe
if your experience has not been as _ as mine , it must have been rather overwhelming to see a man belonging to a strange century , and apparently a hundred years dead , raised to life .	experience	startling	mine
and you may be very sure that it does not happen with us , to whom liberty is as _ as equality or fraternity .	liberty	dear	equality
The cost of a man 's work in a trade so difficult that in order to attract volunteers the hours have to be fixed at four a day is twice as _ as that in a trade where the men work eight hours .	in	great	that
The higher education nowadays is as _ as the lower , as all grades of teachers , like all other workers , receive the same support .	education	cheap	grades
He now gazed at the sleeping child , and the love that shone in his eyes was as _ as an angel 's .	love	pure	angel
Gilbert was as _ as his father .	Gilbert	white	father
And he must be as _ as anybody .	he	anxious	anybody
Surely I am as _ as your son .	I	good	son
Gilbert is as _ as the day , .	Gilbert	honest	day
He 's as _ as a new dollar , and as sharp as a needle .	He	bright	needle
I do not wish to seem superior and I will admit that I am as _ as anybody in most places , but I do think that if half the time I am devoting , and am going to devote , to appearing as modest as people expect in this world , could be devoted to really doing something in it , my little modesty .	I	respectable	modest
The difference of appeal may be as _ as the east and the west , but the east and the west are in human nature and not in the nature of the appeal .	difference	wide	east
In the presence of a mountain the sound of a hammer is as _ as a symphony .	sound	rich	symphony
And yet it seems to me that there is a certain sense in which I am as _ as anyone .	sense	scientific	anyone
He is as _ as a bit of protoplasm before the sight of a great many very different things being honestly put together .	He	helpless	bit
looking mixture upon a filter , I found that almost nothing remained behind , and the filtrate was nearly as _ as the original liquid .	filtrate	white	liquid
The old ship came up on the wind , presenting her front most gallantly to the angry waves , which came on as _ as the fore .	which	high	fore
you are as _ as William .	you	romantic	William
the three first being of Affghan blood , quite as _ as any Barukzye or Ghilzye , and the last better .	being	good	Barukzye
and often times the name and reputation of inferiority is as _ as the thing itself , and we verily believe that it still has its effect upon the public taste .	name	prejudicial	thing
storms are as _ as sunshine .	storms	necessary	sunshine
If his knife be as _ as his appetite , ' twill want no whetting .	knife	sharp	appetite
It was as _ as day .	It	light	day
stocked property , he had to learn that he was actually as _ as a church .	he	poor	church
twenty hours after their departure , every soul in the parish knew that Lying Klaus was as _ as a bankrupt .	Klaus	good	bankrupt
Kangleon 's network , however , was not as _ as most of the others in the Philippines that were operated by coastwatchers and guerrillas .	network	active	most
they are fully as _ as any other means of artificial lighting .	they	safe	means
which was as _ as nothing at all .	which	good	nothing
Me eyes is as _ as yours , ye dirthy baste av a Scotchy .	eyes	roight	yours
it was as _ as a watering .	it	good	watering
they were as _ as the gardenia that no longer adorns your button .	they	immaterial	gardenia
every one was as _ as the gold it called for at the sub .	one	good	gold
He is irritated at the presence of others there , at their not becoming as _ as air .	their	light	air
When they are served , they are as _ as wood , and if they fall to the ground , they sound like a stone .	they	hard	wood
ouh we left as _ as two in the morning .	we	early	two
and yet their adventures were as _ as mine .	adventures	interesting	mine
Patrice was as _ as a schoolboy .	Patrice	happy	schoolboy
It 's as _ as daylight .	It	clear	daylight
Why , you 're as _ as a sheet .	you	white	sheet
The young are branded with a mark peculiar to each herd , and some of the most wealthy owners mark as _ as fourteen thousand a year .	some	many	thousand
My meaning is as _ as the simile , ' answered he .	meaning	terrible	simile
The woman is almost as _ as the man .	woman	impertinent	man
walk , hemmed in on each side with trees , which seemed as _ as the creation .	which	old	creation
red lips expand into a peculiar enthusiastic smile , a heroine stands before you whose head , heart , and arm are as _ as any man 's .	head	strong	man
Francis Magyari improvised a powerful sermon , in which he prophesied , in a voice of thunder , that the God of Israel who had called David from the sheepfolds to a throne , and exalted him over all his adversaries , would now also graciously maintain the cause of His elect even though his enemies were as _ as the grass of the field or the sand on the sea .	enemies	numerous	grass
His face , despite the wrinkles which cover it , is fresh and ruddy , and his teeth are as _ as those of a youth .	teeth	perfect	those
He was as _ as the corpse itself , and scarcely seemed to breathe .	He	motionless	corpse
This rocky slope is as _ as a mirror .	slope	smooth	mirror
bows peeped forth the menacing muzzles of a pair of pistols , the mechanism of which was about as _ as the mechanism of a modern steam .	mechanism	simple	mechanism
Then , although my right is as _ as noon .	right	clear	noon
You are as _ as dead and buried already , so that you have no choice but to trust to me .	You	good	dead
And since your Hypatia is quite as _ as your Phoenix , I can not think my nuptials near at hand .	Hypatia	rare	Phoenix
observes young Aaron , who is as _ as upon the day when he laid down theology for law , to the horrified distress of Dr.	Aaron	unruffled	day
The student makes astonishing advances , and it is no more than a matter of weeks when Jack proves as _ as his master .	Jack	good	master
some say as _ as twenty .	some	large	twenty
Old Clinton is as _ as any sore .	Clinton	angry	sore
s make Jack as _ as his master , .	s	good	master
drum subject or a hackneyed sequence , a vulgar twist of the melody or a worn out passage , a meagre harmony or an unskilful counterpoint , may in vain be looked for throughout the entire range of his compositions , the prevailing characteristics of which are , a feeling as _ as beautiful , a treatment as original as felicitous , a melody and a harmony as new , fresh , vigorous and striking , as they are utterly unexpected and out of the ordinary track .	characteristics	uncommon	vigorous
Using the distinction between theory and practice , which is as _ as Aristotle , geology in its theoretical aspect is more easily comprehended than is the theoretical aspect of most of the modern sciences .	distinction	old	Aristotle
There he laid as _ as a ghost , and drawin short , quick breaths .	he	white	ghost
I looked at Jobe , and he was as _ as a ghost .	he	pale	ghost
Then the child rose as _ as thought , and , like a flash , went out at the window , screaming in a tone that made the chills run over me , .	child	quick	thought
It 's as _ as a vault here .	It	dark	vault
The plain all around them was as _ as the heavens above .	plain	peaceful	heavens
I am as _ as a seagull .	I	free	seagull
But the bottle knocked against his teeth , and the liquid ran out over his beard and his chest The alcohol tasted as _ as water .	alcohol	flat	water
he said , and his eyes were as _ as the sky , when he looked up in my face .	eyes	blue	sky
When he 's loose in the pasture , father has only to stand at the bars and call his name , and he walks up as _ as an old sheep .	he	quiet	sheep
but you must let me have the first shot , because my eyesight is not as _ as yours , and if you should hit his ear first the blood might confuse my aim .	eyesight	good	yours
And the city lieth foursquare , and the length is as _ as the breadth .	length	large	breadth
For those who have that fitness the Secret Doctrine is as _ as sunlight , and for those who have it not the truth would still be secret though shouted from the house .	Doctrine	clear	sunlight
Indeed , the literature is as _ as the facts .	literature	prolific	facts
pointed out that , in our time , the old debate about the trinity is as _ as Caesar .	debate	dead	Caesar
poor fellow , his purse is as _ as his heart just now .	purse	open	heart
I told her you were as _ as iron and as hard as a rock , and she said she did n't believe it .	you	strong	rock
But she 's as _ as a queen .	she	lofty	queen
At the Horse Guards , where my face must be as _ as that of the clock on the quadrangle to those gentlemanly young clerks .	Guards	familiar	that
Truly , if women 's hearts are as _ as wax , men 's are as tough as gutta .	hearts	impressionable	gutta
V The wester came as _ as the Trades .	wester	steady	Trades
It was all as _ as ink .	It	black	ink
but it was as _ as ice .	it	cold	ice
At this season the silence and solitude of the Black Forest is as _ as that of the North .	silence	deep	that
In ten minutes it will be as _ as a dungeon .	it	dark	dungeon
Sometimes it even fills the Roche Creuse , but just now it must be as _ as a powder .	it	dry	powder
the fierce boar is as _ as the tangled brakes through which he loves to run his huge bristly back .	boar	rough	brakes
the lion is as _ as the arching vaults of the caves where he makes his den .	lion	majestic	vaults
At first I used to try to make her understand that a true artist is worthy of great respect , that his works sometimes endure for ages , and are admired by many successive generations , and that , in point of fact , a good artist is quite as _ as a councillor .	artist	good	councillor
The hut was as _ as a cellar .	hut	dark	cellar
The invention of that Triboccus was quite as _ as that of the steam .	invention	useful	that
Don Ferdinando was as _ as a headmaster .	Ferdinando	stern	headmaster
However , we came to a place which appeared as _ as any , and , as both of us seemed to think that it would suit himself exceedingly well , we drew lots , and , contrary to my usual luck , I drew the longer of the two pieces of grass and decided to remain , while Blake took up his position about fifty yards to my left .	which	good	any
old son of Orson Clark standing , with an old blunderbuss in his hands , in a triumphant attitude by the panther , which lay as _ as a door .	which	dead	door
In half an hour his treasured theories had been picked to pieces and his stock of argument was exhausted , whilst his rival appeared as _ as the woodwork .	rival	fresh	woodwork
the deck would be as _ as the bridge .	deck	welcome	bridge
When the baboon sat down on his hams he was about as _ as the boy when he walked .	he	tall	boy
The pilot 's gaze remained as _ as his own , but there was a slight expression of cynicism playing about his mouth .	gaze	steady	own
had often been heard , on Sundays , to say that we should all do well if we were as _ as Peter .	we	innocent	Peter
and when he experimented on the deck , they did bounce , bounce like cricket balls , as _ as the ship 's funnels .	they	high	funnels
She had established herself in these London lodgings with the cosmopolitan independence of the American girl , whose own country contains distances as _ as that from London to Petrograd .	country	great	that
It was just about as _ as her grave , and he had little clusters of her favorite flowers there .	It	big	grave
In many rural populations in Greece the modern Hellenic blood is as _ as the ancient .	blood	pure	ancient
Well , if you feel as _ as that about it , Abe , take it along .	you	strong	that
It was so long since I had been happy , and I had never been as _ as that , or anything like it .	I	happy	that
The metre in which the poem is written is almost as _ as its poetic quality .	metre	unequal	quality
The astrologer was as _ as his word .	astrologer	good	word
but a lawgiver that were all mercy should be as _ as no law .	lawgiver	good	law
They wanted something for cramps , and I guess my Super Aqueous Tonic is as _ as anything else .	Tonic	good	anything
You walk as _ as a tapir .	You	loud	tapir
nor can the sequence of feelings one upon another with any significance be called coherence , since in that case an incoherence would be as _ as any failure in the sequence .	incoherence	impossible	failure
But the question is whether a finite divisibility into feelings is not just as _ as an infinite one .	divisibility	impossible	one
s statistics are as _ as his knowledge and critical training rendered possible .	statistics	accurate	knowledge
Its prophets and sanctuaries were as _ as its kings .	prophets	illegitimate	kings
Jehoshaphat , Hezekiah , and Josiah were the most distinguished and the most virtuous of the reforming kings , yet Jehoshaphat was succeeded by Jehoram , who was almost as _ as Ahaz .	who	wicked	Ahaz
he will become as _ as his masters in wickedness .	he	unscrupulous	masters
s Ironsides , when they were wielding carnal weapons in their own defence or in any other good cause , were as _ as any Levites at exhortations and psalms and prayers .	Ironsides	expert	Levites
Abijah and Jeroboam had each gathered an immense army , but the army of Israel was twice as _ as that of Judah .	army	large	that
and though each may be as _ as the threads of a spider .	each	fine	threads
s religious policy would be as _ as Elizabeth .	policy	welcome	Elizabeth
white suits and they were as _ as kittens .	they	frisky	kittens
till another , advancing , said I was as _ as an angel , and desired to be of the party .	I	handsome	angel
He was as _ as a fox and as yellow .	He	red	yellow
The supernatural is simply the realm of freedom , and it is as _ as the physical realm of necessity .	it	natural	realm
his prose is always as _ as his poetry , and as self .	prose	vigorous	self
It 's as _ as a bluebottle .	It	fat	bluebottle
At all events , if I have known Englishmen who were very debauched and very refined in vice , I have also known young men of the same nation , over twenty , who were as _ as children , but never a young Frenchman , Italian , or Spaniard of whom this could be said .	who	innocent	children
the mother is beginning to feel too shy to speak for the first time about these difficult subjects to a son or a daughter who is nearly as _ as herself .	son	big	herself
My limbs were covered by a wretched sack and my skin was as _ as an Ethiopian 's .	skin	black	Ethiopian
Thus Gyurkovechky believes that these results may be as _ as those of sexual excess .	results	serious	those
but the terms and manner of compliance were as _ as those in marriage among us , .	terms	decent	those
by one in particular whose experience was as _ as her benevolence .	one	large	benevolence
that at every marriage the part of the doctors is at least as _ as that of the lawyers .	part	important	that
marital fidelity is as _ as pre .	fidelity	great	pre
The significant fact is known , for instance , that in mothers over thirty , the proportion of abortions and miscarriages is twice as _ as in mothers between the ages of fifteen and twenty , who also are superior in this respect to mothers between the ages of twenty and thirty .	proportion	great	mothers
Notices in Eastern literature are as _ as the days of the Hitopadesa .	Notices	old	days
The little dots were all as _ as bees , were not the least lonely , or the least shy , and very plainly gave the intruder to understand that they would prefer her room to her company .	dots	busy	bees
Annie 's eyes were as _ as stars , and her usually pale cheeks glowed with a deep colour .	eyes	bright	stars
Your motive for this concealment is as _ as the daylight , Cecil .	motive	clear	daylight
said Annie , whose face was quite as _ as Hester 's , and her eyes heavy as though she longed to cry , .	Annie	pale	Hester
you gathered those from your own trees , and they are as _ as your apple .	they	ripe	apple
Rover will be as _ as the rest of us , and go with us as our bodyguard to the fairies ' field .	Rover	naughty	bodyguard
Annie 's face suddenly became as _ as a sheet .	face	white	sheet
but the bedding was as _ as a bone .	bedding	dry	bone
All the way up to town from the fair city on the Mersey , the railway nymphs , whom I had previously noticed on my journey to Southampton , were as _ as then , with their musical strains .	nymphs	busy	then
Out and in and out the sharp straits wander , In and out and in the wild way strives , Starred and paved and lined with flowers that squander Gold as _ as the gold of hives , Salt and moist and multiform .	squander	golden	gold
this may be as _ as the rest of them .	this	true	rest
He is as _ as a rock , and determined upon his course .	He	firm	rock
she always seemed as _ as ice before , and barely willing .	she	cold	ice
The night was as _ as Acheron .	night	black	Acheron
but still in my hands and arms I was as _ as ever , could bend a double crown between my thumbs , or break the staff of a lance over my knee .	I	strong	ever
it needs but a word from her lip , to show that such means are as _ as whistling to the wind .	means	vain	whistling
for we must keep our plan as _ as death from Liancourt .	we	secret	death
Bold till the moment of action comes , he is as _ as a hare when it is most necessary to show firmness .	he	timid	hare
The stout soldier shut his teeth , which were as _ as snow , upon his grizzled moustache .	teeth	white	snow
she is as _ as the wind .	she	restless	wind
I might have known , if I had not been as _ as an owl , that what she does to others , she would do to me .	I	stupid	owl
If she wants any more help , she will be as _ as oil .	she	smooth	oil
Her face was as _ as ashes , and her limbs trembled , but she stopped the boy at the top of the stairs , asking in a whisper , .	face	pale	ashes
but she answered me , as _ as a lion , that she would put on no other things than her ordinary clothes , as the idea of forcing her to a ceremony with a man she hates , was quite vain and foolish .	she	bold	idea
It was as _ as death .	It	pale	death
She was as _ as death .	She	pale	death
Madge felt she had not been as _ as the others during the day 's trial .	she	courageous	others
Cotton is almost as _ as paper .	Cotton	inflammable	paper
but the Protestants saw that , from a religious point of view , one position was as _ as the other , and conceived the idea of encouraging the claims of a son of the house of Hamilton , who , after Mary , was next heir to the crown of Scotland .	position	bad	other
s coming was hardly as _ as was wished , but as it contained full particulars of the conditions demanded , both as to religion , finances , and position of the consort , the match was now brought seriously and officially under consideration .	coming	cordial	religion
It was mainly a game of brag on the part of Catharine , who was really as _ as Elizabeth at the time to maintain a close connection between England and France .	game	anxious	Elizabeth
You mean as _ as your grandson , .	You	tall	grandson
but he was just as _ as Sussex , and would have nothing to do with it , and warned her to take care what she was about , or ill would come of it .	he	cool	Sussex
th was as _ as most other regiments .	th	healthy	regiments
since , in the first case , a boundary is possible , and will exist at the point where the weight of a single atom is as _ as the repulsive force of the medium .	point	great	force
At Pekin , the scorching heat of summer is greater than at Cairo , while the winters are as _ as at Upsal .	winters	rigorous	Upsal
CHAPTER VI BUSY DAYS Nan was as _ as her word .	Nan	good	word
It 's as _ as the weather .	It	uncertain	weather
and if they had only had a fair shake , they would have gone over as _ as a whistle .	they	slick	whistle
When I struck land , my canoe was about half full of water , and I was as _ as a drowned rat .	I	wet	rat
why , then , it was all as _ as preaching , and the colonel believed it every word .	it	true	preaching
It was , somehow or other , found out that the house had a potatoe cellar under it , and an immediate examination was made , for we were all as _ as wolves .	we	hungry	wolves
The same boy was out again on the same errand , when , returning in great haste and alarm , he informed them that he had seen the Indians as _ as trees in the woods .	he	thick	trees
The gulf between the man of this instant and the man of the last is just as _ as that between the baby and the man .	gulf	impassable	that
I was as _ as booked at Ivybridge when I got your letter telling me to hang on .	I	good	booked
but your organs are as _ as a bell .	organs	sound	bell
I see as _ as day what was in her mind .	I	clear	day
d be as _ as any of the talking brigade .	d	good	any
em is as _ as their opinion of themselves .	em	high	opinion
and his relations grieving around , he just laid there as _ as a bug , and trying to beat time and showing all over how much he enjoyed it .	he	happy	bug
O , let me be as _ as time is short , For the arm 'd foe is now within our sight .	me	short	time
Though I be now like to the snowy Alps , I was as _ as Aetna in my youth .	I	hot	Aetna
And think , beside , you know not Louis 's nature , Who may be as _ as John , or , rather , worse Than he .	Who	bad	John
But here are my new ones , so shiny and bright , They are almost as _ as my skin .	They	smooth	skin
Her reasons are as _ as helpful , .	reasons	sensible	helpful
I have a second item that is as _ as either of the others , though , .	item	important	either
With the fleet was a large number of Genoese artificers and carpenters , whose arrival in the camp was almost as _ as that of the wine and food .	number	timely	that
confidence , the kingdom of Jerusalem was as _ as lost , and its destruction was only a matter of time .	kingdom	good	lost
As to KIPPER , he was as _ as a schoolboy 's watch .	he	motionless	watch
but your soul is as _ as mine , and would sicken over less renown , as I do over this .	soul	immortal	mine
Before many minutes the pillage was as _ as the surprise .	pillage	complete	surprise
possession was as _ as his valor , quivered before the mournful gaze of that weak woman .	possession	remarkable	valor
This was the first one , and I remember it very well , because I found in the morning that it had lifted the thatch of my pigsty into the widow 's garden as _ as a boy 's kite .	it	clean	kite
We went up to her and touched the side , and it was as _ as a real ship .	it	hard	ship
Landlord blushed as _ as a strawberry .	Landlord	red	strawberry
III A consoling scrap of wisdom which unfortunately children do not find written large in their copybooks is that sorrow is as _ as happiness .	sorrow	transitory	happiness
My second benefactor was nominally a boy , though in reality he was nearly as _ as the master , and was leaving at the end of the term to go up to Oxford .	he	old	master
If you did it very neatly it was almost as _ as an ordinary sheet of paper by the time you had finished .	it	good	sheet
I should say that you were as _ as a lord .	you	drunk	lord
I might be a good tinker , and worship god Pan , or I might grind scissors as _ as the noses of bakers .	I	sharp	noses
You 're as _ as the rest of them , .	You	bad	rest
and then he took out the gold pieces and threw them into the ditch , and they were not half as _ as the buttercups .	they	bright	buttercups
Yet she was as _ as the rest of them , .	she	bad	rest
The inside of the house is as _ as the outside , and the perfection of comfort .	inside	charming	outside
indeed they are as _ as hair .	they	fine	hair
room , or he would have worked as _ as any one .	he	hard	one
track was about as _ as a path could be , with several wide jumps across creeks at the bottom of the numerous deep ravines , or gullies as we call them .	track	bad	path
it was as _ as that of the Jamaica .	it	heavy	that
Indeed , the beeches in that copse are as _ as any in Hertfordshire .	beeches	fine	any
His eyes are as _ as pebbles .	eyes	dry	pebbles
His phrases and gestures had become stiff and set , his anecdotes , once so successful , fell flat , his silence was as _ as his speech .	silence	meaningless	speech
eyes as _ as saucers .	eyes	big	saucers
He looked about as _ as ever he could , but could see nothing beyond a piece of wood anywhere .	He	hard	ever
These perfect creatures were perhaps as _ as the famous team of golden bays belonging to Iphicrates , which so often had proved victorious .	creatures	fine	team
A story was told of his having driven over a bridge which was not quite as _ as the outside edges of his chariot .	bridge	wide	edges
Aura , our first horse , is as _ as a panther and I trained her to do it , myself .	Aura	supple	panther
Well , I really would if I could , but you must remember that all these stories are as _ as the histories of .	stories	true	histories
She began by suggesting to Effie that although her voice was as _ as ever , and her notes as clear and true , she did not seem to be able to accompany herself as yet upon the violin .	voice	fine	violin
Ophelia stood by his side , carefully retaining the jar of jam all the time , and the little monarch was as _ as upon the previous day .	monarch	submissive	day
and the boldness of the counterfeiter was almost as _ as his skill .	boldness	great	skill
This is as _ as the notes of my diary of those days , much worn , permit me to recount the words and figures of the ticket as I took them down in pencil .	This	near	notes
but Hattie was as _ as her own blue eyes , and as delicate as her fine , glossy hair .	Hattie	mild	hair
I fancied she would be as _ as any one to know where were his quarters , and I took a carriage , and drove immediately to her house .	she	apt	one
and she hied up stairs to her room , as _ as a dove .	she	unsuspecting	dove
I know him and he 's as _ as an old woman .	he	gossipy	woman
Her interest in her became as _ as mine , and often afterwards , for a long while , she would say , .	interest	deep	mine
you 're as _ as a nut .	you	sound	nut
It is n't an hour since you said she was as _ as a nut .	she	sound	nut
You are as _ as cats , both of you , and you do n't know what you are talking about .	You	ignorant	cats
libraries would be written about the monument , every tourist would kodak it , models of it would be for sale everywhere in the earth , its form would become as _ as the figure of Napoleon .	form	familiar	figure
it is as _ as a tomb up there .	it	dark	tomb
each one of them was as _ as Milton .	one	faithful	Milton
The whole building was quickly in flames , and in their red light the entrenchment , in every part , was as _ as at noonday .	entrenchment	visible	noonday
pelted boat were as _ as the living .	boat	many	living
He was as _ as steel .	He	true	steel
s judgment was challenged , but he was as _ as his own sword .	he	brave	sword
It meant that the furniture bill was as _ as paid .	bill	good	paid
my bow and eke mine arrows are as _ as shine .	arrows	good	shine
For many a day he sang ballads to the band , until the famous Allan a Dale joined them , before whose sweet voice all others seemed as _ as a raven 's .	others	harsh	raven
so that , what with hunting and hawking a little , and eating rich dishes and drinking good sack , and sleeping until late hours in the morning , he grew as _ as a stall .	he	fat	stall
But his crown was shorn as _ as the palm of one 's hand , which , together with his loose robe , cowl , and string of beads , showed that which his looks never would have done , that he was a friar .	crown	smooth	palm
Nay , nay , thy voice is as _ as any bullfinch .	voice	sweet	bullfinch
At this speech both friars grew as _ as dough .	friars	pale	dough
Each man wore beneath his cap a little head covering of burnished steel set with rivets of gold , and underneath his jerkin a coat of linked mail , as _ as carded wool , yet so tough that no arrow could pierce it .	his	fine	wool
Thy talk is as _ as the wind from the bellows upon dead coals .	talk	barren	wind
likewise it is near as _ as a coat of steel against a common sword .	it	good	coat
Now , had Robin Hood been as _ as of old , everything might have ended in smoke , as other such ventures had always done before .	Hood	peaceful	old
His controls are n't as _ as ours in that line , anyway .	controls	good	ours
We will see if our tastes are as _ as ourselves .	tastes	similar	ourselves
They did n't look as _ as the lock .	They	good	lock
For all her gentleness Helen knew she could be as _ as iron .	she	hard	iron
The whole thing , in spite of Kate 's denial , was as _ as daylight .	thing	plain	daylight
I 'm as _ as any coyote .	I	hungry	coyote
But Kate 's just as _ as a fifty .	Kate	obstinate	fifty
A libidinous expectancy was as _ as a thick scent in the night .	expectancy	heavy	scent
see , they are as _ as those that the gardener sent in yesterday from the forcing .	they	large	those
The little tortoise , when it comes out of the shell , is about as _ as a large spider .	tortoise	big	spider
they felt as _ as the Pyramids .	they	heavy	Pyramids
I was as _ as a thriving case of leprosy .	I	welcome	case
I was getting as _ as Renner .	I	bad	Renner
for my father deals in both , and therefore it is as _ as money .	it	good	money
Now , I hope that supper is ready , for I am as _ as a hunter .	I	hungry	hunter
Now , Patsey , I am as _ as a hunter .	I	hungry	hunter
He says that a cook must not have a rough hand , but that it should be as _ as a woman 's .	it	soft	woman
I sought an immense old tree , whose broad crown and thick foliage made my shelter as _ as though under a roof , and here I sat down , bending my eyes along the placid , quiet and noble river , until I was quite lost in silent reverie .	crown	dry	roof
The drover carried a good Yeager rifle , knife , and pistols , but a man laden with arms in the midst of a troop of famished wolves , was as _ as the tempest .	man	helpless	tempest
thunder and oakum , I 'm as _ as a shark , and here 's the .	I	peckish	shark
he got all he wanted , when and where he could , upon the ' charge it ' principle , and had become so callous to duns , that his moral compunctions were as _ as sole leather .	compunctions	tough	leather
the water was as _ as ice .	water	cold	ice
Franklin thought a few moves was as _ as a fire .	moves	bad	fire
But Aunt Nabby Folsom 's time was about as _ as the raciest , and will bear rehearsing .	time	rich	raciest
but his flesh and blood were as _ as a pebble to a diamond , contrasted with the witchery of the .	flesh	valueless	pebble
head is about as _ as the bed of Procustes would be to an invalid .	head	comfortable	bed
It is n't as _ as skating , .	It	warm	skating
Paddy is as _ as a fish pole .	Paddy	straight	pole
they must know that my honor stands as _ as that of any man on the earth .	honor	high	that
Is she becoming as _ as a girl as her brother is handsome as a boy .	she	handsome	boy
Your suffering , that of our families , is as _ as mine .	suffering	great	mine
Our goal is our honor , and we should press forward with active , indefatigable energy , an energy that should be as _ as the circumstances that exact our effort .	energy	great	circumstances
I know that his determination will remain as _ as ever , until the day when the light shall burst forth .	determination	inflexible	ever
It is almost impossible to believe that , at a fair opposition , Mars under the power of even the smallest astronomical telescope really looks as _ as the full moon .	Mars	big	moon
His eyes rolled , and his clenched fist was as _ as a ham .	fist	large	ham
Why , you are as _ as a saint with a halo , in front of that jigamaree , ' he said .	you	fair	saint
Yet Mary of England stood as _ as a knife .	Mary	rigid	knife
A Howard is as _ as any man , ' Katharine said .	Howard	good	man
For my part , my heart was as _ as a feather when we marched off .	heart	light	feather
This wood is very hard and so greasy that it is as _ as coal , so that , in spite of rain , we managed to have good fires .	it	inflammable	coal
In short , our army was moving up as _ as the nature of circumstances would admit of it .	army	quick	nature
His baggage must be as _ as possible , as the convenience of carriage is very scarce .	baggage	small	convenience
In the mountains near Ciudad Rodrigo it is as _ as in England .	it	cold	England
he behaved as _ as a lion .	he	brave	lion
when the composition of couplets was quite as _ as the viewing of the flowers .	composition	important	viewing
Yoshifusa 's audacity , however , was as _ as his authority .	audacity	limitless	authority
The lady Masa and her brother remained as _ as ever and as careless of the Court 's dignity .	lady	powerful	ever
face had been nearly as _ as Sozen 's , for the former was Yoshimi 's champion at the beginning .	face	signal	Sozen
The gates were proportionately as _ as those at Osaka , well .	gates	huge	those
It was as _ as the noise of a mouse in a wainscot .	It	maddening	noise
Well , o ' course you know that Bill 's the biggest liar ever shipped out o ' London , where liars is as _ as weevils in bread .	London	common	weevils
It was as _ as anything I 've seen yet .	It	bad	anything
some had as _ as ten .	some	many	ten
Chika , the evil one of the earth , is a malignant spirit , who has , likewise , much influence over men , but who is not as _ as the lord of life and the first man .	who	powerful	lord
The traders have , sometimes , sold such hides to the Indians , who gave them as _ as sixty other robes in exchange .	who	many	robes
then the Governor , who was so fond of children , might take her in hand , and give her for nurse old Dominick , who was as _ as a woman .	Dominick	gentle	woman
My eyes are as _ as the road .	eyes	heavy	road
I was as _ as a newborn babe .	I	innocent	babe
For a time , wrapped in the warmth and the green and gold mist , she lay as _ as the sunbeam .	she	quiet	sunbeam
She was as _ as the flower which she held in her hand , and most innocent in her imaginings .	She	pure	flower
and her mind is as _ as her face .	mind	fair	face
It was a world that was as _ as a pearl , and more fantastic than an Arabian tale .	that	pure	pearl
draw to the shutters , and they became as _ as caverns .	they	cool	caverns
Of course , it is not as _ as changing one 's clothes .	it	simple	clothes
Though desperately disappointed , Fletcher was as _ as ever on becoming a soldier .	Fletcher	keen	ever
A pious and zealous wife might be as _ as myself .	wife	useful	myself
University draughts competition , I am as _ as yourselves .	I	proud	yourselves
He was as _ as any animal of the herd .	He	thirsty	animal
when he had promised her that she should be as _ as any other European woman , that she should live her life .	she	free	woman
Sudden poverty was as _ as disgrace .	poverty	bad	disgrace
Else we shall be as _ as the crinolined aunts , and as unsympathetic toward Ernest 's experience as are some readers to Hawthorne 's fanciful .	we	impervious	unsympathetic
I think Cortes was even as _ as thyself , touching the knave .	Cortes	mad	thyself
Had he been as _ as usual , he must have been struck with suspicion at the sudden gleam of satisfaction , with which Juan heard the good fortune of the Mexican .	he	observant	usual
I am certain I can prove to your Lordships what I stated when I said , that the state of society in Scotland , previous to the concession of civil privileges to the Episcopalians , was as _ as the present state of society in Ireland .	state	bad	state
and , my Lords , my opinion is that the threat of carrying this measure of creation into execution , if it should have the effect of inducing noble Lords to absent themselves from the House , or to adopt any particular line of conduct , is just as _ as its execution .	threat	bad	execution
but I do say , that we ought to have some solemn examination of the question , and some certainty that the new mode proposed is as _ as the old one for ascertaining the truth , which , as is said , is the foundation of all justice .	certainty	good	one
and I can tell you , it made Master Minister look as _ as a mouse .	Minister	small	mouse
Then I saw that we were as _ as doomed .	we	good	doomed
As he caracoled up and down before the house , with the sun shining on his fair head , he looked to my eyes as _ as Apollo .	he	beautiful	Apollo
Her flesh crept , and she shivered though she was as _ as fire .	she	hot	fire
It was as _ as a gag , and safer .	It	good	gag
For myself and Steve and the men , we were as _ as nought .	we	good	nought
but the number was constantly increasing , death and disease notwithstanding , so that it presently stood as _ as sixty thousand fighting men and half as many followers , to say nothing of the garrison that lay in the city , or the troops posted to guard the approaches .	it	high	followers
He is as _ as the devil .	He	cunning	devil
But my face was as _ as fire , the blood drummed in my ears .	face	red	fire
I found the dignity of the one as _ as the dependence of the other .	I	beautiful	dependence
s faith is as _ as the gold which you so graciously gave me .	faith	pure	gold
in that case his beard must be as _ as that of the most venerable Assyrian magi .	beard	luxuriant	that
How can you contend against chemisettes which cover all but the neck , against sleeves that hide the whole arm , so that only the face and hands remain to prove that the young woman is not as _ as the Emperor of Mauritania .	woman	black	Emperor
If your conversation is as _ as your person , it must be funny indeed .	conversation	amusing	person
In fine , I am as _ as most people .	I	happy	people
The tall lackeys were as _ as fishes , and more obscure than the mouth of a mine .	lackeys	mute	fishes
he is a man like ourselves , only he is as _ as a forty .	he	tall	forty
In Norway especially , at the period of which we write , the variety of these aerial structures was as _ as their number .	variety	amazing	number
Peers of Great Britain may become as _ as the sovereign of Prussia .	Peers	penitent	sovereign
Among the gaunt , haggard forms of famine and nakedness , amidst the yells of murder , the tears of affliction , and the cries of despair , the song , the dance , the mimic scene , the buffoon laughter , went on as _ as in the gay hour of festive peace .	tears	regularly	hour
If the law be well made , and the contributions founded on just proportions , everything superadded by something that is not as _ as law , and as uniform in its operation , will become more or less out of proportion .	something	regular	uniform
The excesses of delicacy , repose , and satiety are as _ as the extremes of hardship , toil , and want to the increase and multiplication of our kind .	excesses	unfavorable	extremes
But I 've seen the ones that come from Paris , and they 're just as _ as day and night .	they	different	day
I 'm as _ as a hawk .	I	hungry	hawk
chimed in the other girl , who was quite as _ as her sister .	girl	vivacious	sister
I 'm as _ as an old shoe , and Doris as an old slipper .	I	easy	slipper
The seats of the van were graduated in height , so that the back ones were as _ as the front , and , indeed , a full view of what was passing could be commanded from any position .	ones	good	front
It 's about as _ as a piece of bologna sausage , but it looks ugly .	It	dangerous	piece
The ruby was as _ as a small hen 's egg , and not easily to be hidden .	ruby	large	egg
It ca n't be that all the coaches are as _ as this one .	coaches	full	one
His wits are as _ as a sword 's edge , and he knows how to use them .	wits	keen	edge
which was as _ as the inside of your hat .	which	dark	inside
walls you might call them , a good hundred feet high , and widening gradually towards the top , but in a circle as _ as ever you could draw with a pair of compasses .	you	regular	ever
The man was as _ as a nail .	man	dead	nail
brimmed straw hat was as _ as his linen .	hat	faultless	linen
this bit of Norman work will be as _ as anything you have .	bit	old	anything
So that the songs of the summer birds are as _ as the sound of the waterfall which plays day and night .	songs	ceaseless	sound
he was a stranger to the attribute of mercy , and the life of the man who had injured him , he regarded as _ as the life of the worm which he might tread beneath his heel upon his path .	he	little	life
we have seen , as _ as the end of the .	we	old	end
and demands that my repentance be as _ as his own hollow , detestable prayers .	repentance	public	prayers
it is as _ as a double cloak around you .	it	good	cloak
People do cry out when they are stabbed , sometimes , but I rather think I did not say a word , only looked a disdain which at that minute was as _ as my belief in you .	disdain	measureless	belief
The increase in length of the tail feathers is as _ as the increase in length of the coverts .	increase	remarkable	increase
in some birds it was as _ as in the cocks , in others no larger than in the normal hen , but in all cases it was larger than in the capon .	it	large	cocks
feathering in this bird is as _ as in the Sebright .	feathering	complete	Sebright
Eager to find out where this light came from , and seeing his way more clearly now , he hastened on , and soon arrived at the mouth of a large cave , which , inside , was as _ as day .	cave	bright	day
Marian was as _ as her word .	Marian	good	word
Why , it was as _ as anything , .	it	easy	anything
She spent the evening giving her father and Grandma a detailed account of her experiences , and succeeded in making them almost as _ as herself .	them	enthusiastic	herself
anybody else would have been as _ as hops long before this .	anybody	mad	hops
Gifts began to pour in , and what with untying the parcels the messengers brought , and the other parcels , which had arrived before , but had been kept until now unopened , Patty and Ruth were as _ as bees .	Ruth	busy	bees
Patty told them they were as _ as Grigs , and assured them that higher commendation was impossible .	they	merry	Grigs
The volume is packed with information , but it is written in so agreeable a style that it is as _ as a novel , and particularly well suited to serve as a guide to our young people in their study of missions .	it	attractive	guide
reckon the old tree must be as _ as punk .	tree	rotten	punk
He said this because the Jones boy was as _ as an ape when he found an opportunity to show off his gymnastics .	boy	nimble	ape
Go on Allan , this is just as _ as any illustrated rebus I ever struck , .	this	fine	rebus
It remained as _ as the inside of a pocket over there .	It	dark	inside
The gallery conducting to the mine was filled up with snow and lumps of ice , which the cold of the following night made as _ as granite .	cold	hard	granite
As land lay at about three miles ' distance , Lieutenant Bellot resolved to go and encamp there during the night , which was as _ as the day .	night	light	day
It 's as _ as a toboggan .	It	good	toboggan
Mary is as _ as tacks .	Mary	sharp	tacks
He 's as _ as the sea .	He	deep	sea
Thank you , Denham , but Chula is as _ as a lamb .	Chula	safe	lamb
his eyes were as _ as stars , his little thin arms outstretched toward Chula with the wildest anticipation .	eyes	brilliant	stars
It was as _ as her brightest dreams .	It	good	dreams
Well , I must say , Oliver , that since I have had the pleasure of a journey at your side , all your information has been as _ as gospel .	information	credible	gospel
They both drew knives as _ as their appetites , and fell on the victuals without losing breath in a further word in addition to a brief but feeling grace which the Englishman uttered , and to which the American , whom the innovation reminded of the same religious practice , vague from its early occurrence in his life , said a hearty .	They	sharp	appetites
Fever had gone , but he was as _ as a child , and for some months seemed able only to crawl about .	he	weak	child
The Apaches ' bodies cast off the wet like ducks ' plumage , whilst the thick blankets of the Mexicans were as _ as the chief salteador 's waterproof .	blankets	serviceable	waterproof
All remained as _ as silent .	All	gloomy	silent
and its festivities being inspired by the gay face of Nature , they are as _ as any we have on record .	they	old	any
that they were secretly married at Worcester House , the residence of Hyde , although her father knew as _ as any one of the contract .	father	little	one
headed obstinacy of his friends might be quite as _ as the intrigues and plottings of his foes .	obstinacy	troublesome	intrigues
Meanwhile the virulence of his enemies at home was as _ as the barbarity of the French Court .	virulence	relentless	barbarity
Its purchasing power in the eighteenth century was about five times as _ as today .	power	great	today
On the second day , they went for as _ as six .	they	little	six
Hardly fifty years ago authentic ghost stories were as _ as blackberries .	stories	common	blackberries
The ordinary members of the Spiritualist movement are as _ as any , but their eagerness .	members	honest	any
The man who tells you that there was no fraud because he saw none is as _ as the man who expects .	none	foolish	man
Teaching was as _ as the open air in which it was carried on .	Teaching	free	air
Irish illumination is as _ as the writing .	illumination	characteristic	writing
The arrival of Sir Redvers Buller and his staff gave hopes of an early advance , and everybody discussed what our General ought to do , strategical plans becoming as _ as sandstorms .	plans	numerous	sandstorms
When Pochefstroom finally came in sight it was still a good five miles off , and those last five miles were as _ as any part of the march .	miles	bad	part
they were about as _ as peas .	they	big	peas
If Shakespeare and Sophocles lived in our day they might have written novels or essays , and I daresay with their genius those novels or essays would have been as _ as their plays and would have contained as great poetry .	novels	good	poetry
The reader may say that a new social idea in poetry is just as _ as an old moral saw , in that they are both didactic .	idea	bad	saw
attests that this pretension is almost as _ as the house of Hapsburg .	pretension	old	house
The fact , is , they were quite as _ as the rest of their countrymen to any insult offered their flag by the mistress of the ocean .	they	sensitive	rest
Pittsburg is far from being as _ as Birmingham , but it exhibits proportionally a greater activity .	Pittsburg	populous	Birmingham
The rate of velocity on the American railroads is as _ as the manner of their construction , and the amount of their inclinations and curvatures .	rate	various	manner
An American of fifteen years of age is as _ as a Frenchman of forty .	American	reasonable	Frenchman
But yesterday , it seemed as _ as ever in England .	it	vigourous	ever
but its political glory must be as _ as a meteor .	glory	transitory	meteor
The Bank of England endeavours to keep on hand from forty to fifty millions , but it sometime sinks as _ as thirty .	it	low	thirty
I was as _ as the morning When I first looked on your face .	I	pure	morning
My love was as _ as true , And sin itself seemed a virtue If only shared by you .	love	pure	true
I felt as _ as a wind .	I	light	wind
The tending of all these animals will bring me naught save ache of head , so do thou take of them as _ as thou listest .	thou	many	thou
O sisters , my ambition is not as _ as yours .	ambition	ordinary	yours
Such religion , we say , is as _ as the church .	religion	old	church
and often with them this holy sacrament is as _ as the name .	sacrament	empty	name
Are they not as _ as other names .	they	beautiful	names
It may become as _ as the home of Job .	It	desolate	home
The memory of a mother 's death is as _ as the deep impress of a mother 's love upon our hearts .	memory	fadeless	deep
her spirits are as _ as wild birds of the rock .	spirits	coy	birds
And he felt as _ as a lion , and bursting from them , who did all they could to hold him , he followed whithersoever the spirit led him .	he	hardy	lion
Hamlet observed the king his uncle change colour at this expression , and that it was as _ as wormwood both to him and to the queen .	it	bad	wormwood
I myself have always considered the English less reasonable than the Swiss , and at the same time less faithful , while I think they are just as _ as the Spaniards , without possessing anything of their real merit .	they	vainglorious	Spaniards
but in this case Goring was as _ as his word .	Goring	good	word
Religious feeling ran as _ as ever it had years before in London , .	feeling	high	ever
Antoine became a place of fashionable resort , so that Richelieu began to fear that the nun 's influence might be as _ as that of the maid of honour .	influence	dangerous	that
in the winter , the easterly winds are almost as _ as the westerly upon the continent , which is not true of the British isles .	winds	frequent	westerly
The description is almost as _ as Falstaff 's with his men of buckram , and we should have liked a little confirmatory evidence beyond the narrator 's .	description	formidable	Falstaff
He was as _ as his word , and in October , .	He	good	word
He was as _ as his word , and the requisite sum was soon forthcoming .	He	good	word
At other times his opinions were as _ as the hue of the chameleon .	opinions	changeable	hue
It would be as _ as to discuss what would have been the fate of the Revolution of .	It	profitless	discuss
an eye , for example , of which the retina was as _ as that of the brain , and had the property of retaining , for a long space , the impressions it might receive .	retina	extensive	that
they live on their own kind , or on others , and devour perpetually , without ever destroying any particular species , because the fecundity is as _ as the depredation , and because all the consumption turns to the profit of reproduction .	fecundity	great	depredation
Our hearts had become as _ as ice .	hearts	cold	ice
They had grown as _ as skeletons , and only their heavy breathing showed that there was still life in them .	They	thin	skeletons
I 'd drive her up if the weather was as _ as Greenland , and milk her , too , so I had her .	weather	cold	Greenland
As he reared up on his hind legs and tried to get at this arrow , he seemed to Tommy as _ as the great wardrobe at home .	he	high	wardrobe
he is as _ as a Zouave .	he	gay	Zouave
Their conduct throughout the Boleyn business simply proves that they were slaves , and that the slaves were as _ as their master .	slaves	brutal	master
They slipped on about as _ as a section of stovepipe .	They	easy	section
Alice felt her colour rising till she imagined her face as _ as her gown .	she	red	gown
founded expectations for Julia had fallen as _ as a card .	expectations	flat	card
it was at least as _ as Norah .	it	impertinent	Norah
place were as _ as the new system of drainage in the lower part of the town , which he had exerted all his influence to get carried through the obdurate conservatism that pointed to the low .	place	unreal	system
it was arranged so , and though they should find all the bluebells blackened and battered , and the thunder bellowed round them , that meeting in the bluebell wood was as _ as the rising of the sun .	meeting	certain	rising
I 've waited a long time here for a man with your sort of brains and , by Judas , for a while I thought they were all as _ as Pinkerton .	they	dead	Pinkerton
you 're just as _ as all the rest of 'em .	you	bad	rest
But though the Unknown was unlocking the door with his left hand the revolver in his right hand was as _ as a rock .	revolver	steady	rock
the toothpick was as _ as the crutch , nor was the ' quizzing .	toothpick	omnipresent	crutch
The room was as _ as the passages , and Mr.	room	dark	passages
You are also a shameless hypocrite and deceiver , for you believe that the Carnegies are as _ as the Hays , and you know that , though you have only two farms , you have twelve medals and seven wounds .	Carnegies	old	Hays
We 'll be as _ as two lovers , dad , .	We	happy	lovers
It was as _ as dying on the field , .	It	good	dying
Would a jury of women be as _ as a jury of men .	jury	impartial	jury
and Jeremiah was as _ as a babe .	Jeremiah	simple	babe
I 'm so sorry we are late , but you will let us in , wo n't you , and we shall be as _ as mice .	we	quiet	mice
It was evident that the old man 's love was as _ as ever , but that he was much hurt , and would not risk another repulse .	love	deep	ever
The face of the dead man was as _ as that of a little child .	face	peaceful	that
And henceforth he was as _ as her brothers .	he	foolish	brothers
It will be all as _ as Marie pretty quick .	It	happy	quick
The morning , however , found Valerie not as _ as Gale .	Valerie	robust	Gale
His eyes , when he looked up at Gale , were as _ as the skies overhead .	eyes	blue	skies
it was as _ as food .	it	scarce	food
The red crabs are as _ as the common sort of crabs in England , but are by far preferable to them .	crabs	small	sort
Some of these flies are as _ as the top .	Some	big	top
they are a large fruit , some of them being as _ as a good sized musk .	some	big	musk
The outside is of a pale green colour , the inside has a great number of hard , black seeds , which are nearly as _ as peas , and are covered with a moist , gritty pulp , which has the taste of sugar .	seeds	big	peas
They have only one seed , which is nearly as _ as the fruit , by which it is covered very thinly .	seed	large	fruit
and when completed , there is no doubt but that they will be nearly as _ as the rock of Gibraltar .	they	formidable	rock
We no longer speculate with Epicurus and Anaxagoras whether the sun may be as _ as a quoit , or even as large as Peloponnesus .	sun	large	Peloponnesus
Though both pastors and ruling elders belong to the church by divine right , yet doth it not follow that the ruling elder is equally as _ as the pastor .	elder	necessary	pastor
Madison 's face was as _ as Johnson 's .	face	blank	Johnson
They were as _ as their word .	They	good	word
The telescope brought into view worlds as _ as the drops of water which make up the ocean .	telescope	numerous	drops
If we do this , we exercise an act of invention and imagination which may be as _ as a fairy tale , but which , without further proof , must be as purely imaginary and arbitrary .	which	coherent	imaginary
The materials of many of his works , and the traces of his own mind , which he stamps upon them , are as _ as the shells and bones which give language to the oldest work .	materials	indestructible	shells
The capacity is as _ as the developed result .	capacity	extraordinary	result
if truly seen , they are groups of stars , of which each may be as _ as our sun , being , like it , the centre of a planetary system .	stars	important	sun
Each of the two stars may have its luminous matter diffused through a globe as _ as the earth 's orbit .	matter	large	orbit
but whether they are as _ as the sun , or globes a hundred or a thousand times as rare , we have no means whatever of knowing .	they	dense	rare
The density of the sun is about as _ as the density of water .	density	great	density
Sir William Herschel did not doubt that if a change had taken place on the visible part of the Moon , as _ as the growth or the destruction of a great city , as great , for instance , as the destruction of London by the great fire of .	change	great	destruction
She is almost as _ as the earth .	She	large	earth
The possible fertility of some kinds of insects is as _ as anything of this kind can be .	fertility	portentous	anything
and subject to the relations of space , since these are as _ as space itself .	these	real	space
Read was as _ as his word , .	Read	good	word
and though somewhat dogmatical , yet he added to the variety and good intelligence of our discussions , which , from the mixture of company , were as _ as the contents of the newspapers .	discussions	various	contents
and when Granby easily won the long jump , and just contrived to shake off his most dangerous rival , Evans , in the hurdle race , Noel felt certain , with the rest of the school , that the medal was as _ as in Granby 's pocket .	medal	good	pocket
Similar is the admission of another celebrated author , at least as _ as Hume , and writing at the very time , and on the very spot where these marvellous events were occurring .	Similar	skeptical	Hume
rates , they seem to my older eyes about as _ as a pair of this year 's robins .	they	sagacious	pair
they are filled with a divine wrath of battle , and each man is as _ as his neighbor , and the officers are powerless to hold them back , and catch the infection and are swept on with them , and climbing , jumping , slipping , toiling on hands and knees , swinging from tree and bush , any way , any how , but always onward , never backward , they surge up over the mountain .	man	mad	neighbor
rooms , from libraries and laboratories , our young men have gone forth to service as _ as that which tried their fore .	rooms	arduous	that
Of course , my situation was as _ as that of any other person on board .	situation	unpleasant	that
while they felt as _ as any man on board .	they	big	man
those for whom I had bought the turkey and apples at Christmas repaid me fourfold , so that when I went ashore that night my purse was as _ as on the afternoon when I quitted my ship .	purse	heavy	afternoon
Mittens and money were alike far off from my fingers , and friends were as _ as money .	friends	scarce	money
The window was about as _ as a saucer , and the glass two inches thick .	window	big	saucer
I 'm as _ as a bear .	I	hungry	bear
III THE STORY OF POIT In the interior of South America , with the rivers Parana and Paraguay to the east , with Argentine to the south , and Bolivia to the west , there is a vast , low country called the Gran Chaco , about as _ as the state of Texas and inhabited by Indians .	country	large	state
path , and they looked as _ as charging beasts of prey .	they	terrible	beasts
I can buy another wife as _ as that one for a hundred dollars any time .	I	good	one
he was almost as _ as the villagers .	he	frightened	villagers
they are as _ as a gambol and a triumph , but each is a species of joy .	they	different	gambol
The means respecting themselves may be as _ as the end .	respecting	perfect	end
Here , going on shore , they met with no inhabitants , though there were several houses or huts standing , in which they found a good quantity of dried fowls , and among them a great number of ostriches , of which the thighs were as _ as those of a sheep .	ostriches	large	those
